Eboy

S   K   i   D   R   O   W

-  T H E   L E A D i N G   F O R C E   -

proudly presents
Sail Simulator 2010 / Iceberg Interactive

RELEASE DATE : 28-02-2010           PROTECTION : Activation
GAME TYPE    : Simulator            DISKS      : 1 CD

Release Notes:

The Skid Rowdies are looking new blood to fill up the ranks.
Were a professional team of dedicated sceners with big mark
under sceners. We believe on the ground idealism of the root
of the real old school scene. We do all this for fun and
nothing else. We dont earn anything on our hobby, as we do
this for the competition and the heart of what got the scene
started in the mid eighties.

If you think you got something to offer, then dont hold back
on contacting us as soon as possible.


twice the fun   / double the trouble


On with the game release information:

Sail around the Mediterranean seas, surrounded by the tropical
beaches of Cabrera Island. Trim your boat, control the sheets
and steer at maximum speed through the waves. Set your goal to
win this sailing challenge with the spectacular Stentec laser,
the famous Dutch Valk National class (6,5m), the YD40 keel
yacht or the fast Volvo Open 70.

Skippers have full control over the boat, not only during
smooth calming weather, but also within more ambitious
conditions like strong winds and high seas. Trim the sails and
tighten the sheets to sail the boat at maximum speed. Sail
Simulator 2010 has been optimised for online multiplayer
setups, organising regatta sailing and match racing.

Learn to sail with several boat types and weather. Ideal for
boat trim and regatta training.

Realistic wavefield, seaworthiness and aerodynamics, with wind
shear and twist.

Online Multiplayer sailing and racing with open and organized
sessions. Create your own online session with racing courses
and weather and compete in popularity with other sessions.

Compete through an evolutionary session ranking and personal
ranking system. Train a race as much possible. Beat strong
sailors to become the top ranked sailor in the world.

Sailing fleet: Laser, 470, Valk, VOR70, Bavaria 36, YD40.

Sailing areas: Scheveningen, Cabrera, Koh Hong, Treasure
Island.


Install Notes:

1. Unpack release
2. Mount image or burn it
3. Install
4. Copy the content from the SKIDROW folder on the CD to your
installation directory and overwrite
5. Play the game

Additional Notes:

If you want multiplayer, go buy it!

Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy!


Greetings:

Salutes to our old Amiga friends from:

FAIRLIGHT - RAZOR 1911 - VISION FACTORY - PARADOX - QUARTEX
DCS - CRYSTAL - ZENITH - ACCESSION - ALPHA FLIGHT - PRODIGY
THE COMPANY - LEGEND - TRSI - ORACLE - ANTHROX - CLASSIC

Salutes to our new friends in:

UNLEASHED - TiNYiSO - BReWErS - RADIKAL - POSTMORTEM - SHOCK
FAIRLIGHT - CRUDE - VACE - ReUnion - OUTLAWS - GENESIS

Logo and layout by: Eboy/SAE
Last updated 21/07/2007 by [XXX]