. 
  
http://www.torrentday.com/        :     The Hottest Private Tracker On The Net!!!


To Avoid Fakes, ALWAYS Check That The Torrent Was Added By: TvTeam.


               www . TorrentDay . Com 
(((((((((((((= Enjoy No RAR releases =))))))))))))))))))))

...................................NFO:....................................

.The.Event.S01E08.720p.HDTV.X264-DIMENSION
Aired 15.11.2010

"For the Good of Our Country"

President Martinez (Blair Underwood), 
furious about recent security failures, 
demands answers from Director of National 
Intelligence, Blake Sterling (Zeljko 
Ivanek). When he doesn't receive the 
progress that he desires, Martinez 
decides to personally interrogate Michael 
Buchanan (Scott Patterson) about his 
involvement in the assassination attempt. 
While Michael holds to his claim that he 
doesn't know who is involved, he 
inadvertently reveals incriminating 
evidence about someone deep inside the 
President's staff. Meanwhile, Dempsey 
(Guest Star Hal Holbrook) dispatches 
Vicky (Taylor Cole) on a new clandestine 
mission. And, elsewhere, Sean (Jason 
Ritter) and Leila (Sarah Roemer) scramble 
to stay ahead of the covert ops that are 
trying to silence them and what they 
know.

Enjoy :)