Disks: 7 x 5mb                                Date : September 10, 2010
OS  : Windows                                Type : Serial

Release Description

PASS performs power analysis and calculates sample sizes. Use it before
you begin a study to calculate an appropriate sample size (it meets the
requirements of  government agencies that demand technical justification
of the sample size you have used). Use it after a study to determine if
your sample size was large enough.

PASS lets you solve for power, sample size, effect size, and alpha
level. It automatically displays charts and graphs along with numeric
tables and text summaries in a portable format that is cut and paste
compatible  with all word processors so you can easily include the
results in your proposal.

PASS is a standalone system. Although it is integrated with NCSS, you do
not have to own NCSS to run it. You can use it with any statistical
software you want. PASS 2008 runs under Windows Vista, XP, 2000, NT, ME,
98, and 95.

PASS is accurate. It has been extensively verified using books and
reference articles. Proof of the accuracy of each procedure is included
in the extensive documentation

PASS comes with three manuals that contain tutorials, examples,
annotated  output, references, formulas, verification, and complete
instructions on each procedure. And, if you cannot find an answer in the
manual, our free technical support staff (which includes three PhD
statisticians) is available

No other program calculates sample sizes and power for as many different
statistical procedures as does PASS. Specifying your input is easy,
especially with the online help and manual

Installation

Just unpack&install. Register with the serial in serial.txt