. 
  
http://www.torrentday.com/        :     The Hottest Private Tracker On The Net!!!


To Avoid Fakes, ALWAYS Check That The Torrent Was Added By: TvTeam.


               www . TorrentDay . Com 
(((((((((((((= Enjoy No RAR releases =))))))))))))))))))))

...................................NFO:....................................

.Undercovers.S01E01.720p.HDTV.X264-DIMENSION
Aired 22.09.2010

"Pilot"

From acclaimed writer/producer/director J.J. 
Abrams ("Star Trek," "Fringe," "Lost," 
"Alias") and executive producer/writer Josh 
Reims ("Brothers and Sisters," "What About 
Brian") comes a sexy, fun, action-packed 
spy drama that proves once and for all that 
marriage is still the world's most 
dangerous partnership. Outwardly, Steven 
Bloom (Boris Kodjoe, "Tyler Perry's Madea's 
Family Vacation," "Soul Food," "Resident 
Evil: Afterlife") and his wife, Samantha 
(Gugu Mbatha-Raw, "Dr. Who," "Bonekickers"), 
are a typical married couple who own and 
operate a small catering company in Los 
Angeles -- with help from Samantha's easily 
frazzled, handful of a sister, Lizzy (Mekia 
Cox, "90210," "This Is It"). Secretly, the 
duo were two of the best spies the CIA had 
ever known, until they fell in love on the 
job five years ago and retired. When 
fellow spy and good friend Leo Nash (Carter 
MacIntyre, "American Heiress," "Nip/Tuck") 
goes missing while on the trail of a 
Russian arms dealer, the Blooms are 
reinstated by boss and agency liaison, 
Carlton Shaw (Gerald McRaney, "Deadwood," 
"Jericho"), to locate and rescue Nash. 
With assistance from resourceful CIA field 
agent Bill Hoyt (Ben Schwartz, "Parks and 
Recreation," "Bronx World Travelers"), 
whose professional admiration for Steven 
isn't hard to miss, the pair is thrust 
back into the world of espionage, 
disguises and hand-to-hand combat. 
Following leads that take them to cities 
spanning the globe, Steven and Samantha 
quickly realize that perhaps this 
supercharged, undercover lifestyle provides 
exactly the kind of excitement and romance 
that their marriage has been missing.

Enjoy :)