Do you have confidential information
that must be protected from prying eyes?

There are dozens of ways for
attackers to intercept your
information while using e-mail,
transferring it via any kind of media
and even just keeping it on your hard
drive.

Protect your data with Easy Crypter
2010 encryption system - the
resistant to cracking encryption
algorithm makes it impossible to
unauthorized access to your
information!

Easy Crypter 2010 program provides
encryption and decryption of the
single or multiple files as well as
string (text). It is using TripleDES
as a cryptographic algorithm. This is
a block encryption algorithm with a
symmetric key, i.e. one key is used
for both encryption and decryption of
data.

Easy Crypter 2010 provides reliable
data protection from unauthorized
access. The encryption algorithm used
in the program resists all possible
types of break-in: despite decades of
researchers efforts, effective
attacks on it were not found. It can
be used either by organizations to
protect trade secrets, or by
individuals to store personal
information in secrecy.

URL: http://www.easycrypter.com

iNSTALL NOTES

1.) Unpack and install
2.) Use our keygen to register
3.) Enjoy!

NOTE: Remember to turn off automatic
update feature from settings.

Developer forgot to update version
information from about box.

If you cant understand how to install
or use this then please dont waste our
or anyone else time whining about bad
installation instructions.

Instead of blaming us for delivering
poor package try to read developers
FAQ or programs manual.