GENUINE SCENE RELEASE
P R O U D L Y

P R E S E N T S

FABLE III (C) MICROSOFT

Rls Number: 105th
Platform: XBOX360
Release Date: 23/10/2010
Playble @: USA & PAL

We're not philosophers. We just
like to play videogames. We
don't know the first thing
about free will vs
determinism, but we do know
that it is your destiny to get
Fable III, the latest
installment of the franchise
that allows you to forge your
own adventure through the
choices you make. Set five
decades after the events in
Fable II, the land of Albion
has enjoyed the fruits of the
industrial revolution, but the
fate of the kingdom is in
peril. As you are drawn into
the revolution, you'll find
yourself in a position of
power. Whether you use that
power for personal gain or for
the greater good is up to you
unless you were predestined to
make those choices

www.gamestop.com/Catalog/ProductDetails.aspx?product_id=77444

! ATTENTION !

If you think the Game worths
support the authors by buying
the ORIGINAL one!

PEACE

LOADER + XPRESS

"Fuck you and your rules, im a god damn pirate!"