







                     Smoke Or Fire - The Speakeasy (2010)-FNT









Artist: Smoke Or Fire

Album: The Speakeasy

Quality: 215 kbps (Various) / 4410kHz / Joint Stereo

Label: Fat Wreck Chords

Playtime: 33:47 min

Genre: Punk Rock

URL: http://www.fatwreck.com/band/index/41

Rip date: 2010-11-08

Street date: 2010-11-09

Size: 52.88 MB

Type: Normal





Release Notes:

After recently whetting the collective appetite of their ever expanding
fan-base with the release of a new single, Smoke Or Fire just put the
finishing touches on the promised follow up full-length. Titled The
Speakeasy, the album is undoubtedly the band s pice de rsistance. Every
Element of The Speakeasy suggests that Smoke Or Fire have finally realized
their potential. The Speakeasy is a complete album in the truest sense,
lacking nothing, while offering varied, yet equally enthralling melodies and
music on each of the 13 tracks. Constructed around the cornerstone of the
guitar driven, heavy punk sound they are known for, this album evolves much
further. Innovative melodies are ushered along by clever guitar work as gruff
vocals give way at times to a more polished pitch. Joe (singer/guitarist)
finds a way to throttle his vocals to the brink of what is humanly possible,
yet still maintains the key, infusing a palatable passion into the music.
From the jumpy cadence of 1968 , to the anthemic sound of Integrity to folk
based Honey I Was Right About the War , The Speakeasy maintains high energy
throughout, while displaying a range of songwriting mastery. Add to this the
fact that Smoke Or Fire brought in a new rhythm section featuring Ryan
Parrish (Darkest Hour) on drums and Gwomper (Avail) on bass, along with
enlisting the production talents of Matt Allison (Alkaline Trio, Lawrence
Arms), and it s not surprising that The Speakeasy turned out to be an album
that will dominate playlists for a long time to come.




Track List:

1. Integrity (2:15)-216kbps

2. Monsters Among Us (3:09)-225kbps

3. 1968 (2:52)-214kbps

4. Sleepwalking (2:54)-211kbps

5. Neon Light (3:29)-213kbps

6. Hope & Anchor (2:08)-212kbps

7. Honey I Was Right About the War (2:01)-193kbps

8. Porch Wine (2:19)-224kbps

9. Everything Falls Apart (2:39)-220kbps

10. Expatriate (3:08)-213kbps

11. The Speakeasy (2:06)-215kbps

12. Shotgun (2:26)-209kbps

13. Utah (2:21)-235kbps




ENJOY & PLZ SEED