Title: Iron Monkey 2
Source: VHS
Year: 1999
Size: 624x352
Vbitrate: 973 kbps
Abitrate: 131 kbps
Length: 1hr 27min
FPS: 29.970

Desc: Iron Monkey superstar Chen Kwan Thai plays Cool
Head, the enforcer with the Monkey Fist on the prowl
for subversive assassins who plan to overthrow the
government. Aided by the beautiful but deadly Judy
Lee, Cool Head takes out the assassins one by one.
Watch for Chen Sing, the Tiger Claw master, as he 
tears up opponents with incredible ease. Only the
Monkey Fist has a chance of slaying this tiger. A
must!

Notes: The 4th of the 9 bootleg kungfu dubs. I found
these in an old box of VHS tapes cleaning up my 
basement. If you're into poorly dubbed wacko kungfu
movies, where a punch makes a high snapping noise,
and lip movements don't match the dialog, these are
for you. If you know the original movie, please 
enlighten the rest of us. I have no idea what Iron
Monkey 1 is, btw. About this rip: I am happy on one
hand, because the makers of this dub didnt pan&scan
to 4:3, and thus we have a WS. On the other hand, I'm
dissapointed -- time has not been kind to this tape,
it's probably the worst quality of the lot. Perhaps
this film should be renamed to Auto Tracking 2?