. 
  
http://www.torrentday.com/        :     The Hottest Private Tracker On The Net!!!


To Avoid Fakes, ALWAYS Check That The Torrent Was Added By: TvTeam.


               www . TorrentDay . Com 
(((((((((((((= Enjoy No RAR releases =))))))))))))))))))))

...................................NFO:....................................

.90210.S03E10.720p.HDTV.X264-DIMENSION
Aired 29.11.2010

"Best Lei'd Plans"

Naomi (AnnaLynne McCord) jumps back into the 
dating world when she notices one of Ivy's 
(Gillian Zinser) hot surfer friends, Zach 
(guest star Zachary Abel, "Make It or Break 
It"), and tries to impress him by pretending 
to know how to work a surfboard. Ivy remains 
upset by her mother's actions with Oscar 
(guest star Blair Redford) and decides to 
rebuild her relationship with her father. 
Dixon (Tristan Wilds) and Annie (Shenae 
Grimes) decide to help Debbie (Lori 
Loughlin) get back into the dating world by 
signing her up for online dating, but while 
on her first date, she and Ryan (Ryan 
Eggold) sneak away for some one-on-one time 
at the Beach Club. While at the beach luau, 
Teddy (Trevor Donovan) gets jealous when he 
sees Ian (guest star Kyle Riabko) with 
another guy and allows his feelings to 
control his actions. Navid (Michael Steger) 
and Adrianna's (Jessica Lowndes) 
relationship is strained now that she has 
found fame, which leads him closer and 
closer to Silver (Jessica Stroup.)

Enjoy :)