Darkstar / Parallax Studio

RELEASE DATE : 30-11-2010              PROTECTION : Nothing
GAME TYPE    : Adventure              DISKS      : 2 DVD

Release Notes:

The Skid Rowdies are looking new blood to fill up the ranks.
We're a professional team of dedicated sceners with big mark
under sceners. We believe on the ground idealism of the root
of the real old school scene. We do all this for fun and
nothing else. We don't earn anything on our hobby, as we do
this for the competition and the heart of what got the scene
started in the mid eighties.

If you think you got something to offer, then don't hold back
on contacting us as soon as possible.
twice the fun  / double the trouble

On with the game release information:

A tale of murder and deception with nothing less than the fate
of humanity at stake, DARKSTAR is a race against the clock in
a quest to turn back time itself.

Experienced through exploration & discovery, your journey
begins on a wrecked starship light years from earth-a world
that centuries ago has been annihilated. You are Captain John
O'Neil (Clive Robertson) stranded on the starship Westwick
with no memory of what has transpired, or even of who you are.
Nothing is as it seems, and despite the icy, cold silence...
you are not alone.

DARKSTAR provides hours of entertainment in both interactive
adventure and cinema, and features the entire original cast of
Mystery Science Theater 3000 and music by Progressive Sound
and MetalWorx. This is also the final performance of the late,
great Peter Graves. With more footage than any "game" ever
produced (over 13 hours), DARKSTAR is a true interactive
animated world with live-action actors.

Install Notes:

1. Unpack release
2. Mount image or burn it
3. Install
4. Play the game