. 
  
http://www.torrentday.com/        :     The Hottest Private Tracker On The Net!!!


To Avoid Fakes, ALWAYS Check That The Torrent Was Added By: TvTeam.


               www . TorrentDay . Com 
(((((((((((((= Enjoy No RAR releases =))))))))))))))))))))

...................................NFO:....................................

.House.S07E07.720p.HDTV.X264-DIMENSION
Aired 15.11.2010

"A Pox on Our House"

After a 200-year-old medicine jar 
found on an off-shore shipwreck 
shatters in a teenage girl's palm, 
she is admitted to Princeton 
Plainsboro for symptoms closely 
linked to smallpox. When the Center 
for Disease Control's Dr. Dave Broda 
(guest star Baker) institutes a 
lockdown on the hospital and suspends 
House's team's ability to diagnose, 
Masters (guest star Tamblyn) grows 
suspicious of Broda's motives and 
becomes convinced that the patient is 
suffering from a different disease. 
The girl's father soon experiences 
similar symptoms, and House is forced 
to make a precarious decision that 
puts his own life in jeopardy. 
Meanwhile, Wilson and Sam (guest star 
Watros) comfort a 6-year-old 
chemotherapy patient who prompts them 
to examine their relationship.

Enjoy :)