. 
  
http://www.torrentday.com/        :     The Hottest Private Tracker On The Net!!!


To Avoid Fakes, ALWAYS Check That The Torrent Was Added By: TvTeam.


               www . TorrentDay . Com 
(((((((((((((= Enjoy No RAR releases =))))))))))))))))))))

...................................NFO:....................................

.Hellcats.S01E01.720p.HDTV.X264-DIMENSION
Aired 08.09.2010

"A World Full of Strangers"

Marti Perkins (Michalka), a law student at 
Lancer University, discovers that her 
scholarship has been cancelled and her 
well-meaning but irresponsible mother, 
Wanda (Gail O'Grady, "NYPD Blue," 
"American Dreams") has neglected to inform 
her. Broke and out of options, Marti 
realizes the only way she can stay in 
school is to win a place on the Hellcats 
Lancer's legendary cheer squad and the 
scholarship that comes with it. Despite a 
confrontation with the Hellcats peppy team 
captain, Savannah (Tisdale), Marti wins 
over coach Vanessa Lodge (Sharon Leal, 
"Dreamgirls"), makes the squad and is 
thrust into a competitive world unlike 
anything she has ever known. With her best 
friend Dan (Matt Barr, "Harper's Island") 
by her side, Marti navigates her new world 
as a cheerleader and Savannah's new 
roommate, while trying to avoid any 
interaction with squad member Alice 
Verdura (Heather Hemmens, "CSI: Miami"), 
who is instantly jealous when she realizes 
that Marti has caught the eye of Alice's 
ex-boyfriend Lewis Flynn (Robbie Jones, 
"One Tree Hill").

Enjoy :)