. 
  
http://www.torrentday.com/        :     The Hottest Private Tracker On The Net!!!


To Avoid Fakes, ALWAYS Check That The Torrent Was Added By: TvTeam.


               www . TorrentDay . Com 
(((((((((((((= Enjoy No RAR releases =))))))))))))))))))))

...................................NFO:....................................

.90210.S03E02.720p.HDTV.X264-DIMENSION
Aired 20.09.2010

"Age of Inheritance"

Naomi (AnnaLynne McCord) finds out she can 
now access the money in her trust fund, so 
she decides to throw a giant birthday 
party where The Honey Brothers (featuring 
Adrian Grenier, "Entourage") perform a few 
songs. Dixon (Tristan Wilds), Navid 
(Michael Steger) and Liam (Matt Lanter) 
decide to take Oscar (guest star Blair 
Redford, "Passions") out for a night on 
the town, but their party ends when Ivy 
(Gillian Zinser) finds a Facebook photo of 
Dixon doing a body shot off a girl. Annie 
(Shenae Grimes) has an instant connection 
with Charlie (guest star Evan Ross, 
"Girlfriends"), a guy she meets at a 
coffee shop, but seems more interested in 
exploring her relationship opportunities 
with Liam. Jen (guest star Sara Foster) 
is forced to go on bed rest until she 
delivers the baby and has no choice but 
to allow Ryan (Ryan Eggold) into her life. 
Silver (Jessica Stroup) confronts Teddy 
(Trevor Donovan) about his drinking 
problem.

Enjoy :)