

more info, crack..

 
http://www.btarena.org/games/transformers-war-for-cybertron-reloaded





Transformers: War For Cybertron (c) Activision Blizzard
 
      06/2010 :..... RELEASE.DATE .. PROTECTION .......: Securom
            1 :.......... DISC(S) .. GAME.TYPE ........: Action

                 ÃœÃŸÃŸ  ÃœÃŸÃŸÃœ ÃœÃŸÃœÃŸÃœ ÃœÃŸÃŸ  ÃŸ ÃœÃŸÃŸÃœ ÃœÃŸÃŸÃœ ÃœÃŸÃŸÃœ ÃœÃŸ
ÃŸÃŸÃŸÃŸÃŸÃŸÃŸÃŸÃŸÃŸÃŸÃŸÃŸÃŸÃŸÃŸ Ã› ÃŸÂ² Ã›ÃŸÃŸÂ² Ã›   Â² Â²ÃŸ Ãœ Ã› Ã›  Â² Â²ÃŸ   Ã›  Â² ÃŸÃŸÃŸÃ› ÃŸÃŸÃŸÃŸÃŸÃŸÃŸÃŸÃŸÃŸÃŸÃŸÃŸÃŸÃŸÃŸ
                  ÃŸÃŸ  ÃŸ    ÃŸ   ÃŸ ÃŸÃŸÃŸÃŸ ÃŸ ÃŸ    ÃŸ     ÃŸÃŸ   ÃŸÃŸ


Transformers: War for Cybertron challenges players to become the ultimate
weapon as a TRANSFORMERS character in the final, epic war that will determine
the survival of their entire race. Armed with a diverse arsenal of lethal,
high-tech weaponry and the ability to instantly convert from robot to vehicle
at any time, players will engage in heart-pounding battles on land and in the
air in this gripping, 3rd person action shooter set in the TRANSFORMERS'
war-ravaged homeland. Complete with several multiplayer modes, Transformers:
War for Cybertron allows gamers to play through story missions with their
friends in drop in/drop out online co-op and compete in blistering
head-to-head multiplayer modes.Key Features:Become the Ultimate Weapon for
Survival â€“ Gamers can instantly convert from robot to vehicle form with the
push of a single button, anytime and anywhere, allowing players to
strategically demolish their enemies through a diverse variety of gameplay
environments.Take the Epic War Online â€“ For the first time in a TRANSFORMERS
game, fans can play through each adrenaline-fueled campaign, as AUTOBOTS or
DECEPTICONS, with friends around the world in dropâ€“in/dropâ€“out online
co-operative play, and compete against one another in a bevy of intense
multiplayer game modes.Experience the Legendary Conflict from the Beginning â€“
Developed in close collaboration with Hasbro, the storyline introduces
entirely re-imagined visualizations of everyone's favorite characters that
comprise an original contribution to the official TRANSFORMERS canon. Players
will embark on the epic journey through the most pivotal moments of the final
war for the TRANSFORMERS' home planet of Cybertron.
