Personnel
~~~~~~~~
* Oliver Lake: alto and sopranino saxes
* Reggie Workman: bass
* Andrew Cyrille: drums.

Homepage
~~~~~~~ 
http://www.triothree.com/

Review
~~~~~~
Nic Jones 
http://www.allaboutjazz.com/php/article.php?id=22988

These three men have been working together for some time, and the more time
passes, the more obvious it becomes that they should go on doing so. If some
list of arbitrary criteria that makes for stimulating improvised music were to
be written up, these three would score highly. They display individual
expression in abundance within a group context, for example, while it seems to
be the case that these men bring their wealth of musical experience to bear on
whatever they do out of the force of habit.

Oliver Lake has inherited Eric Dolphy's mercurial phrasing, particularly on the
alto sax, and his rate of musical development is such that he has long since
subsumed it within his own instrumental personality. Andrew Cyrille has a knack
for evoking both space and density in his drumming, and Reggie Workman is as
alert to the needs of the music as he has ever been. As such, to hear them
grooving on the out-of-kilter likes of Lake's "Lope" is to hear in less than
five minutes both the earthiness and the grandeur to which this music can
aspire.

Andrew Cyrille has for years been proving himself a rare entity: a drummer who
is also a composer of distinction; and on "Tight Rope" there is further evidence
of this, particularly when the other players are so alert both to the nuances of
his lines and the individuality of his work behind the kit. The key element of
give and take that's a cornerstone of this music is here in abundance, too.

All three men are also highly appreciative of instrumental colour and how to
deploy it, and they prove as much on the group composition "Equilateral," where
their conceptions of space and how to use it are much in evidence.

In the midst of all the derivative stuff, thankfully there is still potent music
like this, and as a model of individual and group expression it offers nothing
less than a working definition.

Style: Modern Jazz