OxMetrics is an
econometric software
including the Ox
programming language
for econometrics and
statistics, developed
by Jurgen Doornik and
David Hendry. OxMetrics
originates from PCGIVE,
one of the first
econometric software
for personal computers,
initiated by David
Hendry in the 1980s at
the London School of
Economics.
 
http://www.oxmetrics
.net

i N S t a l l n o t e ?

1) Install.

2) Use my keygen to
generate your own key.

using mono-project.com
# mono oxkeygen.exe

or vmware/virtualpc/a
windows pc, or the just
XXXX-XXXX-XXXX-XXXX-
727E-OxMetrics-6

3) Enjoy

w H A t  t o  n o t e ?

Contains installation
files for both x86 and
x8664.

) See: 
http://www.pcgive.com/
oxmetricsinstall.html
if you need assistance.

For your safety, please
check that
oxkeygen.exe has the
following checksums:

MD5:
9AE87A8CC52F037328AB3AE
342A54283

CRC
11F27BAF

IF YOU LIKE THIS APP,
SUPPORT THE DEVELOPERS,
BUY IT LEGALLY