Source..............[ Blu-ray 50GB         ]
Ripper..............[ -=DDR=-              ]
Runtime.............[ 2:03:27              ]
Resolution..........[ 1280x544             ]
Framerate......... .[ 24.000 FPS           ]
Size.............. .[ 4.36 GB              ]
                                            
Bitrate........... .[ 3555 Kbps            ]
Container......... .[ .mkv                 ]
Video Codec....... .[ x264                 ]
Aspect Ratio...... .[ 2.35:1               ]
                                            
Audio Info..........[ 1. 1536 Kbps DTS 6.0 ]
                                            
Audio Language......[ 1. Hindi             ]
                                            
Subtitles...........[ English              ]
                                            
                                            
         !..The Exclusive Encode..!         
                                            
                 Enjoy   !!!                


Cast :   Amitabh Bachchan    Abhishek Bachchan  
         Tanisha Mukherjee   Katrina Kaif       
         Rukhsar             Kay Kay Menon      
                                                
                                                
       Director :  Ram Gopal Varma              
       Writer   :  Manish Gupta                 
                                                
       Genre    :  Drama                        
                                                
Subhash Nagre, Sarkar,lives in Mumbai. He       
lives in a palatial house with his wife,sons    
Vishnu and his wife Amrita. Subhash and his     
family are thrilled when Shankar returns home,  
in the company of a gorgeous long-legged young  
woman named Pooja, who he plans to marry soon.  
While Subhash adores both his sons, he shows    
his open disappointment for Vishnu, whose langua
childish actions, and his affair with a Bollywoo
actress named Sapna are just few of his wrong   
actions. When Vishnu finds out that a Bollywood 
actor is attempting to start an affair with     
Sapna, he angrily guns him down in front of     
several witnesses.                              
                                                
                                                
    IMDB Link :                                 
                                                
      http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0432047/      
                                                
              Users Rating:7.5/10               

 
http://bapugunda.com/images.php?i=3286_2.png  
http://bapugunda.com/images.php?i=3287_6.png  
http://bapugunda.com/images.php?i=3288_13.png
