PROTECTION...: SerialAuth
RELEASE TYPE.: KeygenPatch
RELEASE DATE.: 21/02/2010
RELEASE SIZE.: 06x5.00MB

RELEASE NOTES

Are you bombarded with popup ads,
seeing new toolbars in your browser,
is your home page changing to
unwanted destinations or are you
bombarded with irritating spam?
Perhaps strange software loads on
startup or your favorites have new
entries that YOU DONT WANT.

If So.. Your PC is most likely
infected with adware, spyware,
spybot, trojans or another internet
parasite.

These programs have the ability to
track your browsing habits and even
steal such personal information as
bank account numbers and passwords.
Spyware has the power to install more
parasites on your computer without
your consent. Everything you do and
everything you type is being recorded
right now Companies know what your
interests are Hackers will access
your PC and do anything they wish.
They can even steal your Identity and
You would never be the wiser

The Solution: Download the latest
version of Loaris Trojan Remover
right now. You will be able to
completely clean your computer of all
these invasive threats Your computer
will be clean and will run alot
faster - Your Privacy will be Protected

The Loaris Trojan Remover application
was designed to remove of malware
components - Trojan Horses, Worms,
Adware, Spyware - when standard
anti-virus software either fails to
detect them or fails to effectively
eliminate them. Standard antivirus
programs are good at detecting this
Malware, but not always good at
effectively removing it.

Trojan Remover is designed
specifically to disable/remove
Malware without the user having to
manually edit system files or the
Registry. The program also removes
the additional system modifications
some Malware carries out which are
ignored by some standard antivirus
scanners.

Trojan Remover scans ALL the files
loaded at boot time for Adware,
Spyware, Remote Access Trojans,
Internet Worms and other malware.

URL: http://www.loaris.com

iNSTALL NOTES

1.) Unpack and install
2.) Use our keygen to register (don't
forget to use patch first)
3.) Enjoy

NOTE: Win7/Vista users must run the
keygen with admin rights or else the
patch will fail