*******************************************************************************
          Depeche Mode - Songs of Faith and Devotion (Remaster 2006)
*******************************************************************************

This torrent contains both the Audio CD in its remastered stereo form, as 
released in 2006, plus a short video, which tells the story of DM during the 
era.  

The video is presented in XviD with .mp3 sound.  There are spanish and english 
subtitles already ripped and a subpack which also includes subs in Deutsch, 
FranÃ§ais and Italiano.  You have to rip it yourself (I currently use SubRip on 
Windows), in order to use them.

Note: There's no 5.1 audio here.  I repeat: there's no 5.1 audio here.  Only the 
2.0 stereo album remastered.  And sounds great!



CD: Depeche Mode - Songs Of Faith And Devotion (2006 remastered)

01. I Feel You    [0:04:36.17]
02. Walking In My Shoes    [0:05:26.08]
03. Condemnation    [0:03:29.22]
04. Mercy In You    [0:04:20.41]
05. Judas    [0:05:13.20]
06. In Your Room    [0:06:23.03]
07. Get Right With Me    [0:03:51.70]  **
08. Rush    [0:04:40.52]
09. One Caress    [0:03:33.60]
10. Higher Love    [0:05:56.19]


** "Interlude #4" â€“ 0:59 (hidden song starting at 2:53) is an excerpt from the 
"Swamp Mix" of "I Feel You". It is often used to introduce the song when played 
live.


DOCUMENTARY

91-94 We Were Going to Live Together, Record Together and it Was Going to be 
Wonderful     [0:36:01]

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              THE ALLMUSIC REVIEW
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

by Ned Raggett

In between Violator and Songs of Faith and Devotion, a lot happened: Nirvana 
rewrote the ideas of what "alternative" was supposed to be, while Nine Inch 
Nails hit the airwaves as the most clearly Depeche-influenced new hit band 
around. In the meantime, the band went through some high-profile arguing as 
David Gahan turned into a long-haired, leather-clad rocker and pushed for a more 
guitar-oriented sound. Yet the odd thing about Songs of Faith and Devotion is 
that it sounds pretty much like a Depeche Mode album, only with some new sonic 
tricks courtesy of Alan Wilder and co-producer Flood. Perhaps even odder is the 
fact that it works incredibly well all the same. "I Feel You," opening with a 
screech of feedback, works its live drums well, but when the heavy synth bass 
kicks in with the wailing backing vocals, even most rockers might find it hard 
to compete. Martin Gore's lyrical bent, as per the title, ponders relationships 
through distinctly religious imagery; while the gambit is hardly new, on songs 
like the centerpiece "In Your Room," the combination of personal and spiritual 
love blends perfectly. Outside musicians appear for the first time, including 
female backing singers on a couple of tracks, most notably the gospel-flavored 
"Condemnation" and the uilleann pipes on "Judas," providing a lovely intro to 
the underrated song (later covered by Tricky). "Rush" is the biggest misstep, a 
too obvious sign that Nine Inch Nails was a recording-session favorite to unwind 
to. But with other numbers such as "Walking in My Shoes" and "The Mercy in You" 
to recommend it, Songs of Faith and Devotion continues the Depeche Mode winning 
streak. 

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                          SOME WIKIPEDIA INFORMATION
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Songs of Faith and Devotion is the eighth studio album by Depeche Mode, first 
released in March 1993. The album incorporated more guitar textures than 
previous releases. Upon its release, Songs of Faith and Devotion reached #1 in 
both the UK and US album charts. The album was also the last one the band 
recorded with Alan Wilder. To support the album, Depeche Mode embarked on the 
eighteen-month Devotional Tour. As of April 2006, Songs of Faith and Devotion 
has sold 920,000 units in the United States.

All art for the album was directed by Anton Corbijn, which included photography 
and the front cover. The front cover is the only Depeche Mode studio album cover 
to feature the band.

In 2006, Songs of Faith and Devotion was re-released with a bonus DVD. It was 
released as a part of the second wave of re-issues. (Along with A Broken Frame 
and Some Great Reward) The first CD was remastered and (except in the USA) was 
released on a CD/SACD hybrid. The bonus DVD includes the B-Side "My Joy" along 
with the Jazz Mix of "Death's Door" (similar to the original version) and 
several other remixes.

Also included was a 36 minute documentary on Songs of Faith and Devotion called 
Depeche Mode 91-94 (We Were Going To Live Together, Record Together And It Was 
Going To Be Wonderful) named after a quote from Alan Wilder on the potential of 
living in their Madrid-area recording studio. It features interviews with 
Depeche Mode (including Alan, who would leave the band shortly thereafter) and 
other important DM figures like Daniel Miller, Anton Corbijn and Daryl Bamonte. 
There is also footage from the movie Devotional and the music videos. The 
documentary mainly focuses on the extreme difficulty of recording the album, and 
the even more frustrating 14-month tour that followed.

It was released October 2, 2006 in the UK and October 3, 2006 in the US.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                       SOME TRACKS REVIEWED AT ALLMUSIC
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

I FEEL YOU     by Tim DiGravina

Depeche Mode settle into a storming, squalid rock swagger to open Songs of Faith 
and Devotion. "I Feel You" feels quite a bit like a sequel, at least musically 
and in tone, to Violator's "Personal Jesus." The fuzzy, extreme guitar twang 
might bring memories of that earlier song, but the vibe is more confessional and 
spiritual, at least on the surface. David Gahan almost screams Martin Gore's 
lyrics, venting as emotionally as if he's confessing his love to God in a 
church. Gahan's punchy inflection sits perfectly against the thunderous, fuzzy 
buzz of electronics and guitar samples. The driving, throbbing beat invokes 
imagery of repetitive industrial manual labor, perhaps of workers pounding away 
in the blistering sun to build a railroad. If one was to take the album's title 
literally, "I Feel You" would be a song of devotion, but it's delivered as if 
it's a song of faith. When he sings, "This is the morning of our love, it's just 
the dawning of our love," it's quite easy to mishear the vocals as "this is the 
morning of Allah, it's just the dawning of Allah." Depeche Mode always tie love 
and lust together with other feelings, whether religion, violence, or sorrow. 
That "I Feel You" feels simultaneously like a religious song and a dark love 
song is merely a testament to how powerful Gore is as a songwriter and how tight 
the band was musically at this point, even as it collapsed internally. 


WALKING IN MY SHOES     by Tim DiGravina

With rampant depression, drug abuse, world tours with ridiculous schedules, and 
interpersonal conflicts ravaging the members of Depeche Mode, walking in their 
shoes was the last thing anybody would hope for at this point in the band's 
career. But this darkly melodic and starkly revealing song from the great Songs 
of Faith and Devotion proves that even through obscene adversity, Martin Gore 
and company could achieve musical catharsis. Like "I Feel You," "Walking in My 
Shoes" feels like a throwback to Violator's lush electronic sweep. Even though 
it's musically quite ornate and smooth, Dave Gahan threatens to turn Gore's 
lyrics into a battle cry. Melodically, the song is similar to Ultra's "Barrel of 
a Gun," but where producer Tim Simenon would lead Depeche Mode down an 
aggressive, bombastic path, Flood embellishes the band's sound with mournful, 
weeping synths. Of all the tracks on Songs of Faith and Devotion, "Walking in My 
Shoes" shares perhaps the most in common musically with Depeche Mode's previous 
albums. With so much of the album leaning toward spiritual revelation and 
hinting of gospel and blues, "Walking in My Shoes" strays the least from the 
band's formula of keyboards and depressed subject matter. That it feels like the 
band is recycling trademark sounds doesn't detract one bit from the song's power 
and swarthy charm. "Walking in My Shoes" is a sure highlight of Songs of Faith 
and Devotion even if it doesn't seek new ground thematically or musically. 



CONDEMNATION     by Tim DiGravina

With its handclap samples, heavenly background chorus, spiritual piano, and, of 
course, Dave Gahan's gut-wrenching vocals, "Condemnation" is the heart and soul 
of Songs of Faith and Devotion. Since the album's release, Depeche Mode has 
inexplicably expressed some disgust with the album as a final product and 
revealed that "Condemnation" most matches the album's original thematic 
blueprint. The song certainly follows the album's title to a tee. Gahan 
absolutely pours emotion from his larynx, his somewhat slurring vocals at once 
expressing the rejuvenation of Martin Gore's lyrics and his own concurrent 
emotional and physical downfall. Gahan's constant plea of "please open your 
eyes" as Gore moans ecstatically in the background captures a religious sense of 
rapture. Perhaps the most genre-bending Depeche Mode song in the band's first 20 
years, "Condemnation" is an honest, vibrant musical revelation. As great as the 
rest of the album is, one can only guess how fascinating Songs of Faith and 
Devotion would have been had Depeche Mode been able to come together as a unit 
to forge the masterpiece it had planned. As the band fell apart as a whole and 
as individuals, the result is still a fascinating and joyous journey, with 
"Condemnation" the hint and tip of the iceberg of what could have been. 



IN YOUR ROOM     by Tim DiGravina

"In Your Room" is all about atmosphere. Dave Gahan sounds angry in his almost 
sinister vocal delivery, offering the album's least religious-oriented lyrics. 
Noirish keyboards, ominous industrial textures, a pounding mid-tempo beat, and a 
bizarre cut-and-paste moan sample provide a cinematic backdrop. Despite Gahan's 
serious tone, Gore's lyrics depict a masochistic demeanor. "Will you leaving me 
lying here in your favorite darkness?" Gahan wonders. He knows he's his lover's 
"favorite passion, game, mirror, and slave." It's safe to say that "In Your 
Room" is a kind of love song, but it's the morbid, diseased kind of love that 
perpetually fascinates Gore. Musically, the somewhat bland keyboards and string 
arrangements don't conjure Depeche Mode's trademark mystery and power. 
Ultimately, "In Your Room" feels like a moody experiment where the music can't 
quite match Gahan's fine vocals. That it's still a fine song and a favorite from 
the album for some fans signals that even when Depeche Mode isn't firing on all 
cylinders, Gore's songwriting and Gahan's passion can still work considerable 
magic. 


-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                       SOME TRACKS REVIEWED AT WIKIPEDIA
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

I FEEL YOU

"I Feel You" is Depeche Mode's twenty-seventh UK single, released on February 
15, 1993, and the first single for the then upcoming album Songs of Faith and 
Devotion. The song peaked at #8 on the UK singles chart and also made #1 and #3 
on the US Modern Rock Tracks chart and the Hot Dance Music/Club Play chart 
respectively. It is the band's highest charting single worldwide.

"I Feel You" brings Depeche Mode's rockier side to the table, using more non-
electronic instruments than ever before. For example, Alan Wilder plays drums, 
and Martin Gore plays the guitar, but there's still plenty of electronics, like 
the synth screeching intro. Unlike most other pop and rock songs "I Feel You" 
superimposes a 6/8 beat (played by the guitar riff) into the 4/4 time, creating 
hemiola. The 7" version of "I Feel You" is the same as the album version. The 
"Throb Mix" is a 12" version, but with incomplete lyrics. A part of the mixes 
from the Limited Edition is used as an interlude on the Songs of Faith and 
Devotion album between "Get Right With Me" and "Rush", and that same part is 
also used for the intro in the Live versions as you can hear for example on the 
Songs of Faith and Devotion Live album.

On the cover of "I Feel You", there are four symbols, each representing a 
member. To tell which member it is, there's a number on the right-corner of each 
symbol, which is that band member's birthdate OR you can match the symbols up 
with the symbols on the Songs of Faith and Devotion cover, which overlap a 
picture of that band member. Using the latter, the top left corner is Alan 
Wilder, the top right corner is David Gahan, the bottom left corner is Martin 
Gore, and the bottom right corner is Andrew Fletcher.

The B-side is "One Caress", which is a Martin vocal track from Songs of Faith 
and Devotion. In the USA, Sire / Reprise released "One Caress" as a promo-only 
single. One promo copy has the original version. The other has the version from 
Songs of Faith and Devotion Live. There is no remix for the song.

The music video for "I Feel You" is directed by Anton Corbijn. The girl in the 
video is English actress Lysette Anthony. There is also a music video for "One 
Caress", it was directed by Kevin Kerslake and was filmed during one of the off
-days of the Devotional Tour in the US. It was a promo-only video that was later 
released onThe Videos 86>98. Prior to its inclusion on The Videos 86>98, the 
music video for "One Caress" was frequently broadcast on MTV's Alternative Rock 
video block 120 Minutes.

The song is also used in a scene in Fatih Akin's Turkish-German film Gegen die 
Wand.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

WALKING IN MY SHOES

"Walking in My Shoes" is Depeche Mode's twenty-eighth UK single, released on 
April 26, 1993, and the second single for the album Songs of Faith and Devotion. 
The song reached #14 on the UK singles chart and matched the success of previous 
single "I Feel You" on the Modern Rock Tracks chart, where it hit #1.

The 7" version of "Walking in My Shoes" is not the same as the one in the Songs 
of Faith and Devotion album. The sound has been made more noisy and dirty, 
especially the drums in the verse, and the intro has been shortened.

The B-side is "My Joy", the only exclusive B-Side from the Songs of Faith and 
Devotion album, and is a rock track in the vein of "I Feel You".

The music video for "Walking in My Shoes" was directed by Anton Corbijn and is 
based on Dante's Divine Comedy. At the beginning of the second verse, there's a 
shot of Martin Gore, Andrew Fletcher, and Alan Wilder with naked women on their 
laps. This was removed in the MTV version in the US and replaced with footage 
the three members standing still, alone, from earlier in the video. The uncut 
version is on The Videos 86-98, the Devotional and The Best Of, Volume 1 DVDs. 
The song was covered by Canadian Grunge Band, Finger Eleven and was placed on 
their 2000 album The Greyest of Blue Skies.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

CONDEMNATION

"Condemnation" is a song by Depeche Mode, released as the group's twenty-ninth 
United Kingdom single on September 13, 1993 (September 14 in the USA), and the 
third single from their album Songs of Faith and Devotion. The song reached #9 
on the UK Singles Chart[1].

"Condemnation" is a gospel-esque song with a rock twist. One of David Gahan's 
favourite Depeche Mode songs, he always enjoys playing it live. He even did an 
acoustic version during some Exciter Tour concerts, because the song was not 
meant to be played, but later on he really wanted to sing it. The 7" version of 
"Condemnation" is the "Paris Mix", because it's basically a re-recording of 
"Condemnation" done in Paris, with female backing vocals added and an emerging 
drum beat scheme. Dave voted for "Condemnation" to be the first single for Songs 
of Faith and Devotion, but obviously lost.

The B-sides are remixes of "Death's Door" and "Rush", and some live tracks from 
the Devotional Tour. "Death's Door" was a song from the 1991 Until the End of 
the World soundtrack. The original version is still exclusive to that CD, 
recorded only by Martin Gore and Alan Wilder after the World Violation Tour was 
over.

The music video for "Condemnation" was directed by Anton Corbijn. For unknown 
reasons, it did not appear on The Videos 86-98 in 1998, replaced by the live 
version from Devotional. The original video eventually resurfaced on The Videos 
86-98's 2002 re-release (The Videos 86-98+). Both videos appear on the 
Devotional DVD re-release in 2004. (Although the "Condemnation Live" video was 
edited so that it wasn't identical to the one in the main Devotional movie)

The video was shot in Hungary.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

IN YOUR ROOM

"In Your Room" is Depeche Mode's fourth and final single for the album Songs of 
Faith and Devotion, released on January 10, 1994 and January 18 in the USA. It 
reached #8 on the UK Singles Chart[1].

The common single version of "In Your Room", the "Zephyr Mix", is radically 
different from the original version on the album. The music is completely redone 
by Butch Vig of Nirvana fame, with only Dave Gahan's vocals remaining unchanged. 
Other official single remixes include the "Apex Mix", produced by Brian Eno, 
which sounds closer to the album version and Johnny Dollar's "The Jeep Rock 
Mix", which appears on Remixes 81 - 04.

During concerts in 1993 and early 1994, the album version was played live. From 
the 1998 Singles Tour onwards, the "Zephyr Mix" of the song has been played live 
instead. However, in Tour of the Universe a mixture of both versions is played 
live.

The single was released in a special foldout digipak with room to hold three 
different versions of the "In Your Room" single: the original release 
(CDBong24), a live disc (LCDBong24) and a remix disc (XLCDBong24). The b-sides 
consist of a remix of album track "Higher Love", along with some live songs from 
the Devotional Tour.

In 2003, Fallon Bowman's band, Amphibious Assault, covered the song for their 
debut LP District Six.

The music video for "In Your Room" was directed by Anton Corbijn and features 
references to the "Strangelove" (a model posing in her underwear), "I Feel You" 
(a woman dressed as Dave Gahan, wearing a pinstripe suit, sunglasses, and a 
wig), "Walking in My Shoes" (the bird costume), "Halo" (the people wearing clown 
makeup), "Enjoy the Silence" (Dave Gahan dressed as a king, holding the folding 
chair while walking in the road), "Personal Jesus" (the bandmembers wearing 
cowboy hats), and "Condemnation" (the white dress with ribbons on it that one of 
the women wears) videos. Corbijn described the video as a retrospective at the 
work he had done with Depeche Mode. He said he made it that way because he was 
sure frontman Dave Gahan was going to die before Depeche Mode could release more 
songs.

The video features Alexandra Kummer, who sometimes is partially clothed. Because 
of the partial nudity and scenes of bondage the video only aired after prime 
time on MTV in the US. Since the video had only limited screen play the single 
was not a hit in the USA.

This is the last Depeche Mode single with Alan Wilder as a band member, and thus 
the last music video he appears in.


-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                               EAC LOG EXTRACT
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Exact Audio Copy V0.99 prebeta 4 from 23. January 2008

EAC extraction logfile from 4. August 2009, 10:17

Depeche Mode / Songs Of Faith And Devotion (2006 remastered)

Used drive  : HL-DT-STDVD-RAM GSA-H55N   Adapter: 0  ID: 0

Read mode               : Secure
Utilize accurate stream : Yes
Defeat audio cache      : Yes
Make use of C2 pointers : No

Read offset correction                      : 102
Overread into Lead-In and Lead-Out          : No
Fill up missing offset samples with silence : Yes
Delete leading and trailing silent blocks   : No
Null samples used in CRC calculations       : Yes
Used interface                              : Installed external ASPI interface
Gap handling                                : Appended to previous track

Used output format              : User Defined Encoder
Selected bitrate                : 1024 kBit/s
Quality                         : High
Add ID3 tag                     : No
Command line compressor         : F:Archivos de programaExact Audio 
CopyFLACFLAC.EXE
Additional command line options : -8 -V -T "ARTIST=%a" -T "TITLE=%t" -T 
"ALBUM=%g" -T "DATE=%y" -T "TRACKNUMBER=%n" -T "GENRE=%m" -T "COMMENT=%e" %s -o 
%d


-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                ACCURIP REPORT
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Verification date: 04/08/2009 10:18:42]
[Disc ID: 0011c9de-008e7bc3-7f0b230a]
Track	[ CRC    ] Status
 01	[c43a81c2] (56/76) Accurately ripped as in pressing(s) #1
 02	[35b28b9b] (57/76) Accurately ripped as in pressing(s) #1
 03	[8cf53eca] (57/77) Accurately ripped as in pressing(s) #1
 04	[02a1ddf3] (57/77) Accurately ripped as in pressing(s) #1
 05	[8f30f93d] (57/77) Accurately ripped as in pressing(s) #1
 06	[3f4709a1] (57/77) Accurately ripped as in pressing(s) #1
 07	[bc3b09d9] (57/77) Accurately ripped as in pressing(s) #1
 08	[ed04ffc7] (57/77) Accurately ripped as in pressing(s) #1
 09	[396a7d34] (57/77) Accurately ripped as in pressing(s) #1
 10	[30e3135a] (56/75) Accurately ripped as in pressing(s) #1

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                      IMPORTANT: PLEASE READ (A REQUEST)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

It's usual to post comments only to complain about a torrent which doesn't work 
in your configuration.  It's normal, after a few hours/days downloading and 
expecting a release, to feel deceived if it doesn't work properly, and 
expressing this is legitimate.

I've often found one comment (negative) on a movie/CD downloaded by 2000+ 
people, and since that single negative feedback, people simply stop downloading 
and therefore, sharing.  But a few times it was due not to the torrent itself, 
but to some issues on the downloader side (not updated codecs, misused 
tools...), and that's unfair for the person who took the time to share it for
free.

IF YOU FIND THIS RELEASE DESERVES TO BE RECOMMENDED TO OTHERS, HELP BY DROPPING 
A LINE AFTER YOU'VE CHECKED IT.  This way, You'll help in keeping the torrent 
alive, almost as much as keeping it in your HDD until a 1:1 ratio is
reached.

Thanks

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------------------------