
Rhem 4: The Golden Fragments / Mamba Games  
                                                                          
                                                                                    
Release Notes:                                           
                                                               
The Skid Rowdies are looking new blood to fill up the ranks.   
We're a professional team of dedicated sceners with big mark   
under sceners. We believe on the ground idealism of the root   
of the real old school scene. We do all this for fun and       
nothing else. We don't earn anything on our hobby, as we do   
this for the competition and the heart of what got the scene   
started in the mid eighties.                                  

If you think you got something to offer, then don't hold back  
on contacting us as soon as possible.                          
                                                              
 _______  __     ___     _____   /\__                         
  \    / |/ /_/\_|   \    \  _ \ / /_ \/\  /\                  
  /\ \/| / / \/\/| |\ \    \//_// / / / / / /                  
 /  \ \| \ \ /  \| |_\ \  / / \/ /_/ / /// /                   
 \____/|_|\_\\__/|___/ / /_/\_/\__/_/\____/                     
    twice the fun   \/ double the trouble                     
                                                            


On with the game release information:                          
                                                               
The forth installment from the highly popular Rhem series of   
games, Rhem 4 reveals another yet unknown part of the          
mysterious island of Rhem. The story continues where Rhem 3:  
The Secret Library ended, but the game can also be played      
independently of the Rhem Trilogy.                             

At the start of the game you are given the black crystal,      
which you discovered in "The Secret Library" by Zetais. With   
this crystal you can unlock the gateway to the unknown part of 
the island. Once again sense of adventure, logic,              
attentiveness and the ability to solve problems will help the  
player to slowly but surely unveil the mystery of this new     
adventure on this yet unknown part of Rhem. The existence of a 
secret transport system allows Kales for the first time to     
search for an exit from Rhem.                                  
  
You will have to collect several parts of a key to allow you   
access to that transport system. Once again you are on your    
own to explore this huge, fantastic world full of strange      
vehicles and buildings, unknown mechanisms and machines,      
secret passages and doorways. You will meet new characters,   
that may help you solve some of the mysteries you will have to 
face.                                                         
                                                               
Everything is part of one big enigma, and your task is to find 
the answers one by one.                                        
                                                               

Install Notes: 

1. Unpack release                                             
2. Mount image or burn it                                      
3. Install                                                    
4. Play the game                                              
 
Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy!    
     