. 
  
http://www.torrentday.com/        :     The Hottest Private Tracker On The Net!!!


To Avoid Fakes, ALWAYS Check That The Torrent Was Added By: TvTeam.


               www . TorrentDay . Com 
(((((((((((((= Enjoy No RAR releases =))))))))))))))))))))

...................................NFO:....................................

.90210.S03E04.720p.HDTV.X264-DIMENSION
Aired 04.10.2010

"The Bachelors"

Silver (Jessica Stroup) plans a cancer-awareness 
charity event to honor her mother and enlists 
the help of Navid (Michael Steger), Dixon 
(Tristan Wilds), Liam (Matt Lanter) and Teddy 
(Trevor Donovan) to appear in a bachelor 
auction. Ian (guest star Kyle Riabko), a 
theater student at West Bev, is brought in to 
help choreograph a dance number for the auction, 
but all comes to a stand-still when Teddy 
directs some negative words toward him. Annie 
(Shenae Grimes) and Adrianna (Jessica Lowndes) 
discover the truth about Naomi (AnnaLynne 
McCord) and Mr. Cannon (Hal Ozsan). Annie 
discovers Debbie's (Lori Loughlin) financial 
problems and decides to take an offer to make 
some quick cash. Ivy (Gillian Zinser) and Dixon 
decide to spend the night together, but Dixon 
hits the brakes when Sasha (guest star Mekia 
Cox, "Undercovers") returns with some life-
altering news.

Enjoy :)