. 
  
http://www.torrentday.com/        :     The Hottest Private Tracker On The Net!!!


To Avoid Fakes, ALWAYS Check That The Torrent Was Added By: TvTeam.


               www . TorrentDay . Com 
(((((((((((((= Enjoy No RAR releases =))))))))))))))))))))

...................................NFO:....................................

.House.S07E06.720p.HDTV.X264-DIMENSION
Aired 08.11.2010

"Office Politics"

It's election season, and in the midst of a 
tight campaign, an incumbent New Jersey 
senator's campaign manager falls ill with 
liver failure and temporary paralysis. 
Cuddy pushes House to add a female doctor 
to his team by hiring brilliant third-year 
medical student Martha Masters (guest star 
Tamblyn) in Thirteen's absence. House and 
the team are wary of the young doctor's 
lack of experience and medical perspective, 
but are forced to give their new by-the-
book teammate a chance to prove herself. 
After the campaigning senator makes a 
surprising announcement, House and the team 
look to the candidate to find clues about 
the patient's condition. Meanwhile, Foreman 
learns that Taub has a past connection to 
Masters, and in an effort to save his 
patient's life, House must make a critical 
decision that may compromise his 
relationship with Cuddy.

Enjoy :)