Clean Scene Releases    http://bitxtre.me/

This "scene" release may have "rar files", thats how they are uploaded to "top sites" if and when a "scene group" upload to those top sites the files that are originally "spread" to other "top sites" aka "affill sites" can and do make there way to p2p (like here on TPB). These "rar" "files" are the safest way to download from public trackers especially if there is a "sfv" and an "nfo" file included as that indicates the release is good, while i understand that "rar" files double the hard drive space needed to unpack and of course seed is not an option for some of you guys, but safety is the way to go in my opinion, anyways all the words i have quoted "quote" please google them , then you will be better informed.


If You need more help understanding the scene Google it :) 


-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                   nfo





PROUDLY

PRESENTS

FABLE III (C) MICROSOFT

Rls Number...: 105th
Platform.....: XBOX360
Release Date.: 23/10/2010
Playble ....: USA & PAL

We're not philosophers. We just
like to play videogames. We
don't know the first thing
about free will vs.
determinism, but we do know
that it is your destiny to get
Fable III, the latest
installment of the franchise
that allows you to forge your
own adventure through the
choices you make. Set five
decades after the events in
Fable II, the land of Albion
has enjoyed the fruits of the
industrial revolution, but the
fate of the kingdom is in
peril. As you are drawn into
the revolution, you'll find
yourself in a position of
power. Whether you use that
power for personal gain or for
the greater good is up to you
unless you were predestined to
make those choices.

www.gamestop.com/Catalog/ProductDetails.aspx?productid=77444

ATTENTION

If you think the Game worths,
support the authors by buying
the ORIGINAL one

PEACE

LOADER  XPRESS

Fuck you and your rules, im a god damn pirate