Eboy

S   K   i   D   R   O   W

-  T H E   L E A D i N G   F O R C E   -

proudly presents
The Scourge Project: Episode 1 and 2 / BITBOX Games

RELEASE DATE : 10-04-2010               PROTECTION : Steam
GAME TYPE    : Shooter                  DISKS      : 1 DVD

Release Notes:

The Skid Rowdies are looking new blood to fill up the ranks.
Were a professional team of dedicated sceners with big mark
under sceners. We believe on the ground idealism of the root
of the real old school scene. We do all this for fun and
nothing else. We dont earn anything on our hobby, as we do
this for the competition and the heart of what got the scene
started in the mid eighties.

If you think you got something to offer, then dont hold back
on contacting us as soon as possible.


twice the fun   / double the trouble


On with the game release information:

Set in the near future, The Scourge Project throws you into
the boots of Echo Squad, an elite group of mercenaries hired
by The Tarn Initiative to deal a decisive blow against the
power-hungry Nogari Corporation. Your mission: First, to
locate and rescue Dr Reisbeck, Tarns double-agent inside
Nogari; Second, to recover a piece of the meteorite fragment
that Nogari has used to develop Ambrosia, the powerful new
energy source with which they now control the world economy.

Stranded on Nogari Island shortly after being mysteriously
attacked during your covert insertion, and surrounded on all
sides by hostile forces, youll need all of your skill to stay
alive as you fight your way through the chaos that has
consumed the alien-infested facilities that lie before you...

The Scourge Project is a 3rd-Person Shooter created using
Unreal Engine 3 to deliver exciting single, co-op, and
multiplayer game play.

Up to 4-Player Co-op Campaign with 5+ hours of gameplay

4 Playable Characters, each with a distinct combination of
Special Abilities

Unique Flashbacks per playable character, showing you critical
past events that shed a new light on your predicament...

Squad AI for groups with less than 4 Players

Quick-Order-System (QOS) for rapid deployment of Squad-members

9 Weapons to suit your playing style

Up to 16 Players in Deathmatch, Team Deathmatch,
Capture-The-Flag and Frontier Multiplayer Modes with dedicated
multiplayer maps

37 Badges to unlock

XP System to track your experience and skill in Campaign and
Multiplayer


Install Notes:

1. Unpack release
2. Mount image or burn it
3. Install
4. Copy the content from the SKIDROW folder on the DVD to your
installation directory and overwrite
5. Play the game

Additional Notes:

At the Login Screen, select Play Offline at the bottom to play
in singleplayer mode. Game works online too, with a valid
GameSpy account.

Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy!


Greetings:

Salutes to our old Amiga friends from:

FAIRLIGHT - RAZOR 1911 - VISION FACTORY - PARADOX - QUARTEX
DCS - CRYSTAL - ZENITH - ACCESSION - ALPHA FLIGHT - PRODIGY
THE COMPANY - LEGEND - TRSI - ORACLE - ANTHROX - CLASSIC

Salutes to our new friends in:

UNLEASHED - TiNYiSO - BReWErS - RADIKAL - POSTMORTEM - SHOCK
FAIRLIGHT - CRUDE - VACE - ReUnion - OUTLAWS - GENESIS

Logo and layout by: Eboy/SAE
Last updated 21/07/2007 by [XXX]