CyberLink PowerDVD ULTRA v10 Build 1516  FULL

Unsurpassed Blu-ray 3D Playback Quality

Upgrade your Blu-ray experience to whole new level with Blu-ray 3D and 
bring the 3D cinema experience back home with PowerDVD 10. Support for 
the latest 3D hardware combined with PowerDVD's leading playback 
features and technologies allow you to enjoy your movies like you're at 
the center of all the action.

Free Blu-ray 3D Upgrade: Consumers who have purchased PowerDVD 10 Ultra 
3D can upgrade their software for free to enable Blu-ray 3D playback 
and 3D video file playback. Available this summer.

Brilliant Blu-ray 3D

See layers of movie detail like never before with movies in Blu-ray 3D. 
PowerDVD 10 brings the magic of Blu-ray 3D to your PC, providing you 
with the ultimate movie experience. Enjoy stunning HD quality in 3D as 
PowerDVD 10 delivers the maximum 1080p resolution to each eye.

Broad 3D support: PowerDVD 10 delivers Blu-ray 3D to any compatible 3D 
display and supports all 3D video file formats.

 	
The Smoothest Movie Playback

PowerDVD 10 delivers the smoothest Blu-ray playback with its 
optimization for leading CPU/GPU technologies available from Intel, AMD 
and NVIDIA. Leveraging the full power of your graphics hardware results 
in superb playback quality with reduced loading on your PCâ€™s own system 
resources.

Faster loading: Start your movies faster than ever with loading times 
up to 4x faster than other Blu-ray software players.

HD Audio: Sounds as Good as it Looks*

Match your visual experience with the best audio available. Experience 
crisp audio with lossless pass-through for Dolby TrueHD and DTS-HD 
Master Audio. Support for HDMI 1.3a allows simultaneous transfer of 
multi-channel high-definition audio using one hassle-free cable. 

Watch Blu-ray Your Way!

Enjoy a true home theater experience and watch Blu-ray movies on larger 
displays with Cinema mode. Cinema mode enables Blu-ray playback for 
Windows Media Center with its seamless integration.

The same friendly player: PowerDVD 10's refreshed interface maintains 
the familiar simplicity of previous versions while 