Eboy

S   K   i   D   R   O   W

-  T H E   L E A D i N G   F O R C E   -

proudly presents
Ship Simulator: Extremes / Paradox Interactive

RELEASE DATE : 25-08-2010             PROTECTION : Steam + cgr + Serial
GAME TYPE    : Ship Simulator         DISKS      : 1 DVD

Release Notes:

The Skid Rowdies are looking new blood to fill up the ranks.
Were a professional team of dedicated sceners with big mark
under sceners. We believe on the ground idealism of the root
of the real old school scene. We do all this for fun and
nothing else. We dont earn anything on our hobby, as we do
this for the competition and the heart of what got the scene
started in the mid eighties.

If you think you got something to offer, then dont hold back
on contacting us as soon as possible.


twice the fun   / double the trouble


On with the game release information:

Ever wonder how it feels to sail a half-million-ton
supertanker through the perfect storm? To take on illegal
whale hunters in the Antarctic? Or to feel the rush of being
part of the Coast Guard as you evacuate a cruise liner in
distress? Ship Simulator Extremes has players take on exciting
missions all over the world as they pilot an impressive array
of vessels and live the stories of real ship captains. With
missions based on actual events in realistic environments at
locations all over the world, the new Ship Simulator game is
sure to take you to extremes!

From the very hot to the very cold, sail to the most enchanted
regions in the world. Explore the Antarctic or take in
beautiful Bora Bora. Includes famous harbors and locations
from around the world

Wide range of vessels to captain, including hovercraft, Coast
Guard interceptors, mammoth tankers, tugs, cruise liners, and
many others

Includes exciting storylines and missions from all over the
world

Official Greenpeace license: sail famous Greenpeace ships and
take on ecological missions based on real events!

Realistic water and weather system. Sail calm waters or take
on the most extreme weather ever witnessed at sea

Online multiplayer mode. Sail online with your friends


Install Notes:

1. Unpack release
2. Mount image or burn it
3. Install
4. Copy the content from the SKIDROW folder on the DVD to your
installation directory and overwrite
5. Type anything at the serial check screen (only needed once)
6. Play the game

Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy!



Greetings:

Salutes to our old Amiga friends from:

FAIRLIGHT - RAZOR 1911 - VISION FACTORY - PARADOX - QUARTEX
DCS - CRYSTAL - ZENITH - ACCESSION - ALPHA FLIGHT - PRODIGY
THE COMPANY - LEGEND - TRSI - ORACLE - ANTHROX - CLASSIC

Salutes to our new friends in:

UNLEASHED - TiNYiSO - BReWErS - RADIKAL - POSTMORTEM - SHOCK
FAIRLIGHT - CRUDE - VACE - ReUnion - OUTLAWS - GENESIS

Logo and layout by: Eboy/SAE
Last updated 21/07/2007 by [XXX]