Jaime Maussan at the International UFO Congress 2005, 2006, 2008 & 2009 DVD-DivX 
http://www.ufocongressstore.com

Jaime Maussan - 2005 - Messages of Coming Change.divx
--------------------------
This was the hit of the conference! If you are looking for a great presentation
to watch with amazing footage, this is a must!

Jaime Maussan is internationally known for his investigations in the UFO field,
as well as a prestigious journalist in Mexico and Iberoamerica. He holds a
Bachelors Degree in journalism and communications. He started his work in the
biggest Spanish Language international television network, reaching the highest
ranks of excellence and ratings with his programs â€œ60 Minutesâ€, â€œFrom Sunday To
Sundayâ€, and â€œECOâ€. He has done programs on the ecology and environmental
problems, and received many awards. Since 1992, Jaime has had an interest in the
UFO phenomenon, and lectures frequently on the subject.

Jaime promises that this is going to be the best presentation of his career! New
messages of coming change will be presented. New videos, including infrared
videos from Mexico and the huge new Yucatan flap. He will include video footage
with 500 UFOs at night, many spheres traveling in pairs, footage of a UFO
arriving â€“ with the arrival of the police, a daylight sighting at 100 meters,
and complete video footage with military Air Force.


Jaime Maussan - 2006 - Phenomenal UFO Activity From South of the Border.divx
--------------------------
Santiago Yturria and Jaime Maussan will present the Amazing UFO Wave from
Mexico, a chronological account of the most extraordinary UFO sightings and
alien encounters from 2005 - 2006 including the governorÂ´s massive sightings
from Xalapa, the strange Anomalous Biological Enities sightings, the new UFO
fleets over Mexico, an update on the rare flying humanoids phenomena with new
shocking footage, the dimensional vortex phenomena videotaped by security
cameras in Ramos Arizpe and comparisons with similar phenomena from England. the
bizarre Alien Encounter in Merida Incident including the original footage and
analysis by scientist, the new case of " The Beings of Light " a very rare
phenomena videotaped by Pedro Avila of the "Angels in the Sky " unique sighting
from November 2005 over Mexico City and more surprises from Mexico.

Santiago Yturria Garza has been a paranormal & UFO researcher since 1974, and
co-founded the first UFO Research Group in Monterrey, Mexico in 1974. During the
70s he began lecturing about the Mexican UFO sightings, and was one of the
promoters of the first Mexican UFO research movement. He has spoken at many UFO
conferences around the world, as well as appearing in several television
specials. At present, he is the International Relations Representative for
Mexico's UFO Magazine, "Contacto OVNI". As a result of his 20+ years' research,
Santiago has the largest UFO video & photo archive in Mexico.


Jaime Maussan - 2008 - Alien Encounters, 7 Cases of UFO Sightings.divx
--------------------------
Jaime Maussan and Santiago Yturria Garza will present seven cases of Alien
Encounters documented on video, including two worldwide exclusives from Mexico:
An Alien Encounter in La Huasteca, N.L. and The E.T. Encounter from Mocorito,
Sinaloa.

Also, exclusive 2007 UFO footage from the recent NASA shuttle missions; STS-117
Atlantis, STS- 118 Endeavour and the amazing STS-120 Discovery.
The presentation will feature a complete chronicle of the most relevant 2007 and
2008 UFO cases from Mexico with never-before-seen videos of UFO sightings and
recent UFO incidents in South America. All disclosed are signs in the sky, as
the experience continues with rare sightings of Light Beings in Mexico and
Italy, suggesting these may be messages from other intelligences. Also reported
will be a trip to the UK investigating the recent crop circle formations and
their link to the Mayan culture.


Jaime Maussan - 2009 - Latest UFO Sightings and Close Encounters in Mexico.divx
--------------------------
Jaime Maussan will present the most amazing video to date! See footage never
shown before from all over the world, not just Mexico. This presentation will
shock and amaze even the biggest skeptics out there. MÃ©xico is the only country
in the world with a television program dedicated to news concerning the ET
phenomenon.


A team of more than 20 investigators regularly travels around MÃ©xico and the
planet to investigate the evidence and reports. The videos, photographs and
testimonies presented regularly to the Mexican audience, have produced a new
awareness of the reality that the world is entering. Jaime Maussan well-known
investigative journalist from MÃ©xico, will present the evidence from the only
organized team of professionals, dedicated solely to finding the truth about a
presence that is not accepted by science or world governments as REAL!

Jaime Maussan is an award-winning television producer, writer, presenter and
internationally recognized Ufologist. He has lectured worldwide and continues
his 40 year legacy of excellence in reporting and investigating UFO sightings
and ET contact in Mexico and abroad.