Eboy

S   K   i   D   R   O   W

-  T H E   L E A D i N G   F O R C E   -

proudly presents
UFO Extraterrestrials: Gold Edition

RELEASE DATE : 17-03-2010               PROTECTION : None
GAME TYPE    : Turn Based Strategy      DISKS      : 1 DVD

Release Notes:

The Skid Rowdies are looking new blood to fill up the ranks.
Were a professional team of dedicated sceners with big mark
under sceners. We believe on the ground idealism of the root
of the real old school scene. We do all this for fun and
nothing else. We dont earn anything on our hobby, as we do
this for the competition and the heart of what got the scene
started in the mid eighties.

If you think you got something to offer, then dont hold back
on contacting us as soon as possible.


twice the fun   / double the trouble


On with the game release information:

UFO: Extraterrestrials GOLD is a new GOLD edition which
includes a number of changes and improvements giving a player
a new look on the classic game: new maps, possibility to hire
soldiers, globe UFO swarms and configurability. UFO:
Extraterrestrials GOLD represents fiction in which the human
race faces a threat from space, aimed to be a spiritual sequel
developed by Chaos Concept. The game picks up where the
original left off, incorporating a twist of the aliens
defeating Earth. The game is set on a newly colonized planet
named Esperanza, where the alien threat has just arrived.


Install Notes:

1. Unpack release
2. Mount image or burn it
3. Install
4. Play the game

Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy!


Greetings:

Salutes to our old Amiga friends from:

FAIRLIGHT - RAZOR 1911 - VISION FACTORY - PARADOX - QUARTEX
DCS - CRYSTAL - ZENITH - ACCESSION - ALPHA FLIGHT - PRODIGY
THE COMPANY - LEGEND - TRSI - ORACLE - ANTHROX - CLASSIC

Salutes to our new friends in:

UNLEASHED - TiNYiSO - BReWErS - RADIKAL - POSTMORTEM - SHOCK
FAIRLIGHT - CRUDE - VACE - ReUnion - OUTLAWS - GENESIS

Logo and layout by: Eboy/SAE
Last updated 21/07/2007 by [XXX]