
      "Everyone's worried about stopping terrorism. Well, 
       there's a really easy way: stop participating in it." - Noam Chomsky


"Power and Terror - Noam Chomsky in our Times" gives the public a rare 
opportunity to see and listen to one of the most articulate, committed 
and hard-working political dissidents of our time, MIT linguist and 
political philosopher Noam Chomsky. 

Chomsky has been called "the most important intellectual alive" by the 
New York Times, yet he has generally been ignored by the mainstream in 
America. Recently, in the aftermath of the terrorist attacks of September 
11th, Chomsky found himself called upon to provide much-needed analysis 
and historical perspective regarding this moment in American history.  In 
the months following 9/11, Chomsky gave dozens of talks on four 
continents, conducted scores of media interviews, and published a book 
called 9-11 - a surprise bestseller in some of the 22 countries in which 
it was published.

Chomsky remains a steadfast critic of United States foreign policy and 
presents his often unpopular, but always incisive arguments based on 
decades of research and analysis, ultimately contextualizing recent 
events in light of the history of Imperialism.

Chomsky places the terrorist attacks of 9/11 in the context of American 
foreign intervention throughout the postwar decades - in Vietnam, Central 
America, the Middle East, and elsewhere. Beginning with the fundamental 
principle that the exercise of violence against civilian populations is 
terror, Chomsky - in stark and uncompromising terms - challenges the 
United States to apply to its own actions the moral standards it demands 
of others.

Duration 1:11:30