more @
 
http://www.btarena.org/games/hoyle-card-games-2011-skidrow




RELEASE DATE : 08-09-2010
PROTECTION : Nothing
GAME TYPE : Card & Casino
DISKS : 1 DVD

If you have a knack for blackjack, a passion for poker or a
mind for old maid, thereâ€™s a new way to shuffle through your
favorite card challenges all in one place. Put on your poker
face for video poker, suit up for solitaire and get ready for
a card game that is fit to challenge a card connoisseur of any
level â€“ Hoyle Card Games 2011.

Take it to the card table and play a huge selection of card
games right on your computer screen â€“ whether you play solo,
challenge family and friends or compete against a cast of
Hoyle card-crazy characters, get ready to get dealt a hand
full of fun. The casino-style grandeur comes to life with
all-new slots games â€“ if you have the poker face and
risk-taking readiness. Express yourself while you play with
the customizable Face Creator feature, where you can design
your own character, then choose your own adversaries. Dive
into the thrilling animation, strategic challenges and expert
tips, and be the top card shark.

Refine your strategy, compete with friends and family and
entertain yourself with a huge collection of favorite
team-style and solo card games from Old Maid and Canasta to
Solitaire and Poker

Play new slots games like Video Blackjack and Video Poker with
single and multihand action

Deal the cards in games such as Astro Jack, Backroom
Blackjack, Special 21â€²s and more

Customize the game to suit your style â€“ use Hoyle Face Creator
to design your own player, then select a regular set of
characters to play along with you and even design your own
card backs

Experience dynamic card-shuffling excitement through vivid
animations and large, easy-to-read cards, adjustable speed of
play and more

Spend your winnings on shopping sprees to add selections and
upgrades to your characters and your trophy room

Fly solo, challenge friends and family in multiplayer games or
compete against in-game characters

Learn new card games with the help of rules and tips for every game

