. 
  
http://www.torrentday.com/        :     The Hottest Private Tracker On The Net!!!


To Avoid Fakes, ALWAYS Check That The Torrent Was Added By: TvTeam.


               www . TorrentDay . Com 
(((((((((((((= Enjoy No RAR releases =))))))))))))))))))))

...................................NFO:....................................

.90210.S03E01.720p.HDTV.X264-DIMENSION
Aired 13.09.2010

"Senior Year, Baby"

In the season three premiere, Beverly Hills is 
rocked by an earthquake. Naomi (AnnaLynne 
McCord) has spent the summer dealing with the 
aftermath of her rape by Mr. Cannon (guest 
star Hal Ozban, "Californication"), Annie 
(Shenae Grimes) and Dixon (Tristan Wilds) are 
dealing with the absence of their father while 
Debbie (Lori Loughlin) tries to hold the 
family together. Teddy (Trevor Donovan) and 
Silver (Jessica Stroup) find themselves 
happier than ever until he suffers an injury 
that could end his tennis career. Navid 
(Michael Steger) welcomes Adrianna (Jessica 
Lowndes) back from her summer tour with 
Javier (guest star Diego Boneta), but their 
arrival brings an unexpected death. Ivy 
(Gillian Zinser) and Dixon return from their 
summer vacation in Australia, while Annie and 
Liam (Matt Lanter) discover their friendship 
may be best if it ends.

Enjoy :)