Eboy

S   K   i   D   R   O   W

-  T H E   L E A D i N G   F O R C E   -

proudly presents
Arsenal of Democracy / Paradox Interactive

RELEASE DATE : 23-02-2010           PROTECTION : Nothing
GAME TYPE    : Strategy             DISKS      : 1 CD

Release Notes:

The Skid Rowdies are looking new blood to fill up the ranks.
Were a professional team of dedicated sceners with big mark
under sceners. We believe on the ground idealism of the root
of the real old school scene. We do all this for fun and
nothing else. We dont earn anything on our hobby, as we do
this for the competition and the heart of what got the scene
started in the mid eighties.

If you think you got something to offer, then dont hold back
on contacting us as soon as possible.


twice the fun   / double the trouble


On with the game release information:

Taking you from 1936-64 you are able to play as any Nation in
the WW2 era with detailed Economics, Diplomacy, Research,
Intelligence and of course Warfare in the three branches of
Land, Air and Sea. It Builds on the Experience and community
Input of the previous successfully HOI Titles.

Developed by BL-Logic, a development studio made up by fans of
the Hearts of Iron series and active member of the modding
community, Arsenal of Democracy is the ultimate World War II
simulation and is described by Project Leader Lennart Berg as
Hearts of Iron II on steroids!

Rewrite history as the head of any nation during World War II
in a variety of single-player and multi-player scenarios

Use advanced combat mechanics based on historical research and
the work of military theorists to destroy your foes on land,
sea, and air

Master the most detailed and flexible economic and production
systems of the series

Keep your war efforts operating smoothly with realistic
logistics and trading subsystem

Engage in espionage, intelligence, diplomacy, and global trade
to give your nation a decisive edge

Determine your countrys national identity, social policy, and
ethnic culture

Create your own campaigns, units, countries, minister traits,
and national ideas with extensive modding capabilities

Experience classic Hearts of Iron gameplay, improved with a
fine-tuned technology tree, refined balance, advanced
statistics, and polished graphics

Removed Province Limit: build your own map without limitations

Install Notes:

1. Unpack release
2. Mount image or burn it
3. Install
4. Play the game

Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy!


Greetings:

Salutes to our old Amiga friends from:

FAIRLIGHT - RAZOR 1911 - VISION FACTORY - PARADOX - QUARTEX
DCS - CRYSTAL - ZENITH - ACCESSION - ALPHA FLIGHT - PRODIGY
THE COMPANY - LEGEND - TRSI - ORACLE - ANTHROX - CLASSIC

Salutes to our new friends in:

UNLEASHED - TiNYiSO - BReWErS - RADIKAL - POSTMORTEM - SHOCK
FAIRLIGHT - CRUDE - VACE - ReUnion - OUTLAWS - GENESIS

Logo and layout by: Eboy/SAE
Last updated 21/07/2007 by [XXX]