Ninja Blade-SKIDROW

S K i D R O W

- T H E L E A D i N G F O R C E -

proudly presents
Ninja Blade / ND Games

RELEASE DATE : 20-11-2009 PROTECTION : StarForce
GAME TYPE : Action DISKS : 1 DVD

Release Notes:

The Skid Rowdies are looking new blood to fill up the ranks.
We're a professional team of dedicated sceners with big mark
under sceners. We believe on the ground idealism of the root
of the real old school scene. We do all this for fun and
nothing else. We don't earn anything on our hobby, as we do
this for the competition and the heart of what got the scene
started in the mid eighties.

If you think you got something to offer, then don't hold back
on contacting us as soon as possible.

twice the fun / double the trouble

On with the game release information:

It was July 7th, 2011.

While investigating reports of unlawful weapons trafficking,
peacekeeping forces encountered an unclassified carnivorous
species occupying a small village in Northern Africa. These
rabid creatures were easily provoked and resistant to
conventional attack. Eight specimens were encountered in the
region now referred to as "Ground:ALPHA"... Only four were
successfully contained for study. Victims of the attack were
quarantined at a research facility nearby. These victims
displayed signs of internal liquefaction and accelerated
necrosis, similar to symptoms of other flesh-eating viruses
native to that region.

But it wasn't a viral outbreak. It was a parasitic
infestation. A previously unidentified species of hook worm
was found beneath the skin of the Ground: ALPHA specimens.
These parasites, we call them "Alpha-worms", laid dozens of
eggs inside their hosts, which in turn produced numerous
larvae. These larvae penetrated the bloodstream and triggered
a variety of genetic failures. However, unlike most genetic
failures, these symptoms were not fatal. Instead, infested
victims were larger, stronger and driven by hunger. Using the
research gained from the Ground: ALPHA specimens, a team of
some special individuals were assembled. Minor outbreaks
occurred over the next few years, but elite squad quickly put
them down. Which brings us to the current situation in
Tokyo...

Exciting and challenging battles with 3 different weapons

QTE and cinematic action

Variety of powerful ninja abilities

Weapon and ninjutsu upgrade system

Crisscross the city of Tokyo with intense gunfights

Install Notes:

1. Unpack Release
2. Mount/Burn Image
3. Install Game
4. Copy the content from the SKIDROW directory on the DVD to
your installation directory and overwrite
5. Play the game

Greetings:

Salutes to our old Amiga friends from:

FAIRLIGHT - RAZOR 1911 - VISION FACTORY - PARADOX - QUARTEX -
DCS - CRYSTAL - ZENITH - ACCESSSION - ALPHA FLIGHT - PRODIGY -
THE COMPANY - LEGEND - TRSI - ORACLE - ANTHROX

Salutes to our new friends in:

UNLEASHED - TiNYiSO - BReWErS - RADIKAL - POSTMORTEM - 0x0007
- RELOADED - ENiGMA - FAIRLIGHT - ELECTRIC DRUGGIES - AVENGED
- ADDONiA - TEDOX - TNAL - DAWN - ReUnion 

Platform: PC
Language: English
Genero: Accion
Quality: DVD
Format: ISO
Size: 3.64 GB
Date: 20/11/2009
Uploader: GamesTorrents

Ninja Blade-SKIDROW Torrent Free Download