Clean Scene Releases and no fakes    http://bitxtre.me/


-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                   nfo




Join DeathSpank in the hunt for the Thongs of Virtue Fight
through war-torn battlefields, tame the High Plains and sail
the savage seas. Experience fast paced action-RPG combat with
over 150 quests and tons of weapons, armor and loot to
collect.

Hilarious NEW Story of EPIC Proportions: Guide DeathSpank on
an all new voyage spanning massive war-torn battlefields,
savage seas, and more as he hunts down magical thongs in an
effort to combine their powers and create peace and harmony in
the universe.

All NEW Loot to Collect: Vanquish evil using an all new array
of weapons, armor, and loot spanning different eras of
history.

Sidekick Co-Op Mode is BACK, and it Brought A Friend: Grab a
friend and choose one of two hilarious sidekicks to help save
the world in co-operative couch play. Use your magical skills
as Sparkles the wizard or your kung-fu moves as the new
ninjatastic Steve.

Tons of Hilarious NEW Quests and Characters: Battle your way
through over 150 new quests and puzzles and meet a brand new
cast of hilarious characters in the funniest game ever
involving...thongs.

Install Notes:

1. Unpack release
2. Mount image or burn it
3. Install
4. Copy the cracked content from the SKIDROW folder on the DVD
to the main installation folder and overwrite
5. Play the game
