**************PLEASE SEED***********************




Season 2 Description





2027 Moroccan Chicken

Michael shows how easy the unfamiliar can be with a gastronomic visit to Morocco.  A chicken tagine, couscous stuffed
tomatoes and homemade hummus with seasoned pita chips completes this culinary adventure.

Â» Couscous-Stuffed Tomatoes

Â» Hummus

Â» Moroccan Chicken Tagine

Â» Moroccan PB & J

Â» Seasoned Pita Chips



2028 Tomato Bacon Pasta

Michael demonstrates how to turn the ordinary into the extraordinary. Fettuccine with tomato and bacon sauce, a house
salad with salsa dressing and a simple berry pudding will all tantalize your taste buds.

Â» Berry Pudding

Â» Brussels Sprouts

Â» Pasta with Tomato and Bacon Sauce

Â» Salsa Salad



2029 Weekend Brunch

Michael creates a simple brunch buffet with sunshine smoothies, a tasty baked egg dish, potato bacon cakes and French
toast with blueberry maple sauce.

Â» Blueberry Maple Syrup

Â» Brunch Bake

Â» Fortune French Toast

Â» Potato Bacon Cakes

Â» Sunshine Smoothie



2030 CrÃ¨me BrÃ»lÃ©e

Michael makes a special candlelight dinner for his wife.  Pot steamed salmon, fennel apple salad and his wifeâ€™s
favourite dessert, caramel crÃ¨me brÃ»lÃ©e, complete this romantic meal.

Â» Apple Chips

Â» Caramel Creme Brulee

Â» Fennel Apple Salad

Â» Pot Steamed Salmon



2031 Chicken Dippers

Michael heads to the kitchen to clear away the rainy day blues. Chicken dippers with an apple yogurt dip and a kid
friendly salad bar complete with colourful kidâ€™s vinaigrettes make up this wonderful indoor picnic.

Â» Apple Butter

Â» Homemade Play Dough

Â» Chicken Dippers

Â» Kids Vinaigrette

Â» Apple Yogurt Dip

Â» Oatmeal Muffins

2032 Homemade Chicken Soup

Michael heads to the kitchen to play doctor daddy. His restorative cooking helps Gabe fight off the sniffles with
homemade chicken soup, matzo balls, cucumber carrot salad, and warm bread pudding.

Â» Bread Pudding

Â» Chunky Monkey

Â» Cucumber Carrot Salad

Â» Homemade Chicken Broth with Matzo Balls



[u][b]2033 Rotini with Clam Sauce

Michael is on a quest for culinary adventure in his own kitchen.  Rotini with red clam sauce accompanies grilled Caesar
salad while a unique dessert of Parmesan cream and balsamic honey syrup tops off the day.

Â» Grilled Caesar Salad

Â» Parmesan Cream with Balsamic Honey Syrup

Â» Rotini with Red Clam Sauce



2034 Prime Rib Dinner

Sharing food is one of the friendliest gestures anyone can make, so Michael invites the new neighbors over for dinner. 
Prime rib with horseradish gravy, and stuffed baked potatoes are on the menu for this â€˜welcomeâ€™ dinner.

Â» Grilled Ham & Cheese Sandwich

Â» Homemade Horseradish

Â» Horseradish Gravy

Â» Prime Rib Dinner

Â» Stuffed Baked Potatoes



2035 Steamed Mussels

Fresh local ingredients are the inspiration for this delicious meal.  Michael starts by steaming fresh mussels, and
then bakes crispy whole grain dippers. Oka cheese stuffed potatoes, a field salad and a fruit tart all add local flavour
to the table.

Â» Blueberry Slushie

Â» Crispy Whole Grain Dippers

Â» Field Salad with Cider Vinaigrette

Â» Oka Stuffed Potatoes

Â» Steamed Mussels in Riesling Broth



2036 Lobster Penne

Michael celebrates his wife Rachelâ€™s birthday by creating a new dish with her favourite crustacean.  Lobster a la
Rachel, potato salad with smoked salmon and dill, and chocolate truffles complete the birthday feast.

Â» Chocolate Truffles

Â» Lobster a la Rachel

Â» Potato Salad with Smoked Salmon and Dill



2037 Caribbean Salmon

Reggae music and Michaelâ€™s island cooking experience are the inspiration for a Caribbean themed meal.  Caribbean
coconut crusted salmon, salsa dip, salad, reggae rice, and mango fool make up this exotic feast.

Â» Banana Rum Coconut Smoothies

Â» Caribbean Coconut Crusted Salmon

Â» Caribbean Salad

Â» Caribbean Salsa

Â» Fresh Grated Coconut

Â» Mango Fool

Â» Reggae Rice



2038 Pan Roast Pork Chops

Michael heads to the refrigerator to reinterpret some old flavour pairings.  Apple stuffed pork chops, pork stuffed
apple and southwestern style rice is the result of this creative journey.

Â» Apple Stuffed Pork Chops

Â» Cumin Seed Oil

Â» Pork Stuffed Apples

Â» Southwestern Rice



2039 Chinese Night

Michael reveals the simplicity of making great tasting Chinese food at home.  Egg drop soup with chicken dumplings,
shrimp toast, Chinese broccoli and fortune cookies make up this culinary delight.

Â» Asian Dipping Sauce

Â» Chicken Dumplings

Â» Chinese Broccoli

Â» Fortune Cookies

Â» Shrimp Toast



2040 Wood Grilled Steak

No good deed goes unrewarded in Michaelâ€™s kitchen. So after a day of splitting wood with his buddy, a meal of wood
grilled steak, scallop potato gratin and grilled vegetables is the reward.

Â» Homemade Steak Sauce

Â» Scalloped Potato Gratin

Â» Steaming Mocha Cocoa

Â» Wood Grilled Steak and Vegetables



2041 Luncheon Omelet

Weekends are a time to take it easy, letting weekday tensions fade away. A classic omelet with thyme and cheddar, fruit
salad with orange mint dressing and butterscotch breakfast buns make up this simple, tasty weekend brunch.

Â» Butterscotch Breakfast Buns

Â» Classic Omelet with Fresh Thyme and Cheddar

Â» Fruit Salad with Mint

Â» Yogurt Cheese



2042 Summer Salads

Itâ€™s a beautiful day for a picnic and Michael improvises cold salads to maximize his time outdoors.  A feast of Asian
spinach salad with orange dressing, Asian cabbage salad, salsa, and tuna potato salad is made complete with homemade ice
cream sandwiches.

Â» Asian Cabbage Salad

Â» Ice Cream Sandwiches

Â» Salsa

Â» Spinach Salad with Orange Vinaigrette

Â» Tuna Potato Salad



2043 Backyard Smoked
Chicken

Michaelâ€™s quest for flavour leads him down a delicious path.  Wood smoke roasted chicken, spaghetti squash salad,
brown rice and apples satisfy his flavour craving.

Â» Brown Rice with Apples

Â» Smoked Sardines

Â» Spaghetti Squash Salad

Â» Wood Smoked Roasted Chicken

2044 Indian Lamb Curry

An adventurous spirit leads Michael to the bright flavours of India. Lamb curry, aromatic basmati rice, spicy cilantro
relish and cucumber mint raita are surprisingly easy to prepare.

Â» Aromatic Basmati Rice

Â» Cucumber Mint Raita

Â» Garam Masala

Â» Lamb Curry



2045 Italian Flavours

Michael brings the flavours of Italy to his kitchen.  Pasta sauce with chicken, Ratatouille, tomato & fresh mozzarella
salad, rapini with brown butter and Italian sodas complete this Italian expedition.

Â» Italian Sodas

Â» Pasta Sauce with Chicken and Peppers

Â» Rapini with Brown Butter

Â» Raspberry Syrup

Â» Ratatouille

Â» Tomato Mozzarella Salad



2046 Lamb Burgers

After a day on the golf course, Michael prepares some 19th hole refreshments.  Grilled lamb burgers, grilled corn and
red onion salsa, potato bacon tart and caramel rum pudding are sure to satisfy his golfing buddies.

Â» Grilled Corn and Red Onion Salsa

Â» Grilled Lamb Burgers

Â» Spiced Nuts



2047 Hors dâ€™Oeuvres Party

Great ingredients and lots of friends are the key to any great party.  Chewy wine shots, chicken dippers, smoked salmon
mousse in tortilla chips, smoked salmon egg rolls, chipotle yogurt dip and savory Parmesan and thyme cookies round out
this delectable cocktail party menu.

Â» Balsamic Syrup

Â» Chewy Wine Shots

Â» Chicken Dippers

Â» Chipolte Yogurt Dip

Â» Savory Parmesan Thyme Cookies

Â» Smoked Salmon Egg Rolls

Â» Smoked Salmon Mousse in Tortilla Cups



2048 Colorful Halibut

Paper-baked halibut with julienne vegetables, rice paper tuna salad roll, cherry tomato crisp and curried cauliflower
soup with red pepper puree add colourful flavour to Michaelâ€™s dinner table.

Â» Cherry Tomato Crisp

Â» Curried Cauliflower Soup with Red Pepper Puree

Â» Paper Baked Halibut with Julienne Vegetables

Â» Rice Paper Tuna Salad Roll

Â» Roast Chicken Broth



2049 Fusion Fish Cakes

Michael fuses fun and flavours in the kitchen.  Smoked salmon sushi, fusion salmon cakes, Asian noodle salad, iced tea
and coconut tarts with chocolate add an international flavour to the menu.

Â» Asian Noodle Salad

Â» Coconut Tarts with Chocolate and Coconut Cream

Â» Fusion Salmon Cakes

Â» Smoked Salmon Sushi

Â» Spiced Maple Ice Tea



2050 Veggie Burgers

Variety is the key to life, in and out of the kitchen.  Veggie burgers, sweet potato wedges, and grilled veggies
illustrate that a vegetarian spread is an easy, flavourful option.

Â» Grilled Veggies

Â» Sweet Potato Wedgies

Â» Veggie Burgers

Â» Veggie Pita Wrap



2051 Grilled Pizza

Bored with routine, Michael takes the tried and true out to grill. Grilled pizza, grilled pineapple salad, grilled
radicchio and shortcakes with strawberry rhubarb satisfy Michaelâ€™s urge for something new.

Â» Grilled Pineapple Salad

Â» Grilled Pizza

Â» Grilled Radicchio

Â» Shortcakes with Strawberry-Rhubarb Compote



2052 Grandmaâ€™s Beef Stew

Michaelâ€™s mom is coming for dinner so he jazzes up some of her classics. Beef stew, mashed potatoes and spinach salad
with pears, walnuts and raspberry vinaigrette all get a Michael makeover to impress Mom.

Â» Beef Broth

Â» Beef Stew

Â» Brown Butter Mashed Potatoes

Â» Spinach Salad with Pears, Walnuts and Raspberry Vinaigrette



2053 Christmas Dinner

Michael takes easy it for the holidays by adding some new twists to his familyâ€™s holiday favourites.  Spiced sugar
cookies, brined turkey and whole grain stuffing add to the flavourful fest.

Â» Honey Roast Turkey with Gravy

Â» Whole Grain Stuffing


------------------------------------

PS - I am not the torrent creator.I will just be seeding this as long as possible...

Please help me with seeding this good show.

