RLS.DATE.........2010/10/16
RLS.SIZE..........03x5.00MB

RLS.TYPE..............Crack
PROTECTION...........Retail

PLATFORM.............WinAll

RELEASE NOTES

DVBViewer allows you to experience
Digital TV on your PC. With a proper
DVB card you can enter the world of
digital entertainment and experience
high quality, incredibly sharp TV
pictures and near CD quality radio

DVBViewer provides all basic
functions you need to enjoy digital
television and radio programs. In
addition, DVBViewer offers you a wide
range of advanced features such as
Teletext, Electronic Programming
Guide, Remote Control support and
enhanced recording capabilities which
enable you to record your favourite
shows on hard-disc, edit them or
share them with your friends.

DVBViewer contains functions which
are groundbreaking : It was the first
program with a so called DesktopTV
mode and in its category the only
product which offers playback of any
kind of media file (if the required
codecs are installed) and
Timeshifting features. It is even
possible to handle more than one DVB
device at the same time. Further on
the multimedia skills of the
DVBViewer do not need to hide behind
other mediacenters. From playing
multimedia contents up to receiving
RSS newsfeeds, weather data,
everything is possible.

URL: http://www.dvbviewer.com

iNSTALL NOTES

1.) Unpack
2.) Read install.txt
3.) Enjoy
