Eboy

S   K   i   D   R   O   W

-  T H E   L E A D i N G   F O R C E   -

proudly presents
Konung III: Ties of the Dynasty / 1C Company

RELEASE DATE : 20-06-2010              PROTECTION : SecuROM PA
GAME TYPE    : RPG                     DISKS      : 1 DVD

Release Notes:

The Skid Rowdies are looking new blood to fill up the ranks.
Were a professional team of dedicated sceners with big mark
under sceners. We believe on the ground idealism of the root
of the real old school scene. We do all this for fun and
nothing else. We dont earn anything on our hobby, as we do
this for the competition and the heart of what got the scene
started in the mid eighties.

If you think you got something to offer, then dont hold back
on contacting us as soon as possible.


twice the fun   / double the trouble


On with the game release information:

Konung III is a RPG, based on the Scandinavian and Slavic
mythology, the third game in the Konung series (Konung:
Legends of the North and Konung 2: Blood of Titans). The new
game brings the player back to the legendary Woodland - the
unique and spacious fantasy land that combines parts of known
history with classical myths of the Slavs, the Scandinavian
and the Byzantine, as well as the legends of the Chronicles,
including immortal heroes, magical artifacts and ancient
sorcery world. The Era of Titans, the almighty rulers of the
Earth, has ended. Once glorious heroes and great Princes are
gone for good. The hour of new heroes has come, when the
throne of the Grand Principality became empty. Various valiant
warriors and adventurers started their fight for the title,
and only the legendary Champion Sword artifact can resolve
their face-off. Get the artifact, become the Konung and write
a new history of the Woodland!

Inimitative atmosphere of the Woodland, recreated using the
state-of-the-art 3D graphics.

Revised combat system with unique parameters of combat items.

New RPG skills.

Improved dialog visualization system to include mimics and
gesticulation.

Possibility of characters interaction with various objects.

Creation of unique types of weapon and armor using magic
potions.

Updated and considerably enhanced battle magic.

Improved possibilities to control and protect the
player-dependent settlements.


Install Notes:

1. Unpack release
2. Mount image or burn it
3. Install
4. Copy the content from the SKIDROW folder on the DVD to your
installation directory and overwrite
5. Play the game

Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy!


Greetings:

Salutes to our old Amiga friends from:

FAIRLIGHT - RAZOR 1911 - VISION FACTORY - PARADOX - QUARTEX
DCS - CRYSTAL - ZENITH - ACCESSION - ALPHA FLIGHT - PRODIGY
THE COMPANY - LEGEND - TRSI - ORACLE - ANTHROX - CLASSIC

Salutes to our new friends in:

UNLEASHED - TiNYiSO - BReWErS - RADIKAL - POSTMORTEM - SHOCK
FAIRLIGHT - CRUDE - VACE - ReUnion - OUTLAWS - GENESIS

Logo and layout by: Eboy/SAE
Last updated 21/07/2007 by [XXX]