. 
  
http://www.torrentday.com/        :     The Hottest Private Tracker On The Net!!!


To Avoid Fakes, ALWAYS Check That The Torrent Was Added By: TvTeam.


               www . TorrentDay . Com 
(((((((((((((= Enjoy No RAR releases =))))))))))))))))))))

...................................NFO:....................................

.Gossip.Girl.S04E01.720p.HDTV.X264-DIMENSION
Aired 13.09.2010

"Belles de Jours"

Blair (Leighton Meester) has spent a fabulous 
summer in Paris without realizing her former 
love, Chuck Bass (Ed Westwick), has been 
shot. As much as Blair tries to distract 
herself from the pain Chuck caused her, his 
mysterious appearance in Paris with a 
beautiful new woman (guest star Cl mence Po
sy) will force both of them to face what 
happened. Meanwhile, a newly single Serena 
(Blake Lively) has been enjoying a Parisian 
summer of love with boys, Blair and 
Balenciaga as she tries to avoid the 
inevitable decision about which of her two 
long-time beaus, Dan or Nate (Penn Badgley 
and Chace Crawford), she should return to. 
Back on the Upper East Side, Nate meets an 
intriguing girl, Juliet (guest star Katie 
Cassidy, "Melrose Place"), who helps him 
realize that his summer of sexual conquests 
with the help of Chuck's little black book 
was his way of avoiding his unresolved 
feelings for Serena. Meanwhile, Dan's (Penn 
Badgley) baby mama drama continues with 
Georgina (guest star Michelle Trachtenberg). 
Finally, the van der Woodsen apartment is 
buzzing with activity as the "Fashion's 
Night Out" event is planned.

Enjoy :)