. 
  
http://www.torrentday.com   -    Your Key To The Scene.

Now TvTeam with [No-RAR] Releases.

(((((((((((((= Enjoy No RAR releases =))))))))))))))))))))

...................................NFO:....................................

.90210.S02E21.720p.HDTV.X264-DIMENSION
Aired 11.05.2010

"Javianna"

Adrianna's (Jessica Lowndes) new romance with 
pop star Javier (guest star/Latin recording 
artist Diego Boneta) continues to blossom, 
while Navid (Michael Steger) continues to 
work up enough courage to tell her how he 
feels. Jen (Sara Foster) has taken control of 
Naomi's (AnnaLynne McCord) finances and puts 
her on a tight budget, resulting in an 
instant meltdown by Naomi. Without her credit 
cards, Naomi is too distracted to realize 
Liam (Matt Lanter) is in need of support to 
deal with the departure of his father, so he 
turns to Annie (Shenae Grimes) for comfort. 
Despite Spence's (Ryan O'Neal) suggestion, 
Teddy (Trevor Donovan) refuses to end his 
relationship with Silver (Jessica Stroup), 
and the two decide to spend the night 
together. Ivy (Gillian Zinser) invites Dixon 
(Tristan Wilds) to spend the summer in 
Australia with her and Laurel (Kelly Lynch), 
but the idea doesn't go over well with his 
parents. Harry (Rob Estes) and Debbie's (Lori 
Loughlin) problems escalate when she finds 
out that Harry has been hiding Dixon's 
gambling issues from her.

Enjoy :)