. 
  
http://www.torrentday.com   -    Your Key To The Scene.

Now TvTeam with [No-RAR] Releases.

(((((((((((((= Enjoy No RAR releases =))))))))))))))))))))

...................................NFO:....................................

.90210.S02E19.720p.HDTV.X264-DIMENSION
Aired 27.04.2010

"Multiple Choices"

As a result of falsely accusing her faculty adviser of 
sexual harassment, Naomi (AnnaLynne McCord) is now 
required to complete community service and publicly 
apologizes to her peers for the trouble she has caused 
The gang is preparing for the SAT's when Silver 
(Jessica Stroup) disagrees with Teddy's (Trevor 
Donovan) decision to skip college to focus on his 
tennis career and things grow even more tense when she 
meets his movie star father, Spence (guest star Ryan 
O'Neal). Liam (Matt Lanter) and his father, Finn 
(guest star Scott Patterson, "Gilmore Girls"), 
reconnect and attempt to rebuild their relationship. 
Navid (Michael Steger) and Dixon (Tristan Wilds) host 
an underground gambling party that results in Dixon 
owing Mark (guest star Blake Hood) a lot of money. 
Debbie (Lori Loughlin) reveals to Harry (Rob Estes) 
that she kissed another man, which forces the two to 
finally discuss their recent problems. Annie overhears 
their parents conversation and turns to Liam for 
support. Just when Naomi thinks her life is back on 
track, her evil sister Jen (guest star Sara Foster) 
returns to Beverly Hills.

Enjoy :)