Any DVD Shrink is a easy-to-use yet powerful DVD
backup tool for DVD movie. Any DVD Shrink performs
a variety of functions, including DVD copying (also
known as DVD cloning), DVD shrink, DVD burning, DVD
erasing and creating DVD ISO image. Any DVD Shrink
decodes DVD copy encryption like CSS, ArccOS and
Region Code, offers features like 1:1 copy,
automatic compression and episode selection,
supports common used mediums including DVD-5,
DVD-9, ISO image and DVD folder. With PAL and NTSC
compatible DVD burning functions, Any DVD Shrink
can burn ISO image and DVD folder to different disc
types including single and dual layer discs which
are playable on PC DVD players and standard DVD
players with TV.

Any DVD Shrink gives users complete control to make
DVD copies. You can choose to keep any titles,
chapters, subtitles and languages of the original
DVD. As long as you have Any DVD Shrink, you have a
DVD decrypter, a DVD copier, a DVD cloner, a DVD
burning tool and a DVD shrinker. Its an excellent
choice for both beginners and advanced users.

Install Notes

1. Unpack/Install
2. Use Keymaker to generate Valid Serial
3. Enjoy