Artist:   Radiohead
Title:    Amnesiac (Collectors Edition)
Label:    Capitol
Genre:    Alternative
Bitrate:  184kbit av.
Time:     01:46:24
Size:     148.14 mb
Rip Date: 2009-08-27
Str Date: 2009-08-25


DISC 1:

01. Packt Like Sardines In A Crushd Tin Box                       4:00
02. Pyramid Song                                                  4:48
03. Pulk/Pull Revolving Doors                                     4:07
04. You And Whose Army?                                           3:11
05. I Might Be Wrong                                              4:53
06. Knives Out                                                    4:14
07. Morning Bell/Amnesiac                                         3:14
08. Dollars And Cents                                             4:51
09. Hunting Bears                                                 2:01
10. Like Spinning Plates                                          3:57
11. Life In A Glasshouse                                          4:34

DISC 2:

01. The Amazing Sounds Of Orgy                                    3:38
02. Trans-Atlantic Drawl                                          3:01
03. Fast Track                                                    3:17
04. Kinetic                                                       4:06
05. Worrywort                                                     4:37
06. Fog                                                           4:04
07. Cuttooth                                                      5:23
08. Life In A Glasshouse (Full Length Version)                    5:08
09. You And Whose Army? (Live Canal+ Studios 04/28/01)            3:18
10. Packt Like Sardines In A Crushd Tin Box (Live Canal+ Studios  3:04
    04/28/01)
11. Dollars Cents (Live Canal+ Studios 04/28/01)                  4:41
12. I Might Be Wrong (Live Canal+ Studios 04/28/01)               4:55
13. Knives Out (Live Canal+ Studios 04/28/01)                     4:23
14. Pyramid Song (Live Canal+ Studios 04/28/01)                   5:07
15. Like Spinning Plates (Live (I Might Be Wrong: Live            3:52
    Recordings))

Release Notes:

Capitol isn't done with Radiohead yet! Thom Yorke and co. may no longer
have any ties to their old label, but Capitol has the band's entire
pre-In Rainbows catalog at its disposal. And if there's still money to
be made off of these old Radiohead records, best believe Capitol is
going to make it.

Last year, the label released a Radiohead greatest-hits collection
without the blessing of the band. We hated it. But this past March, the
label released expanded double- and triple-disc versions of their first
three albums, and we loved it.

See, there's a difference between good reissues and bad reissues. The
full-album reissues are the good kind. With those first three albums,
Capitol crammed in every B-side and rarity they could find, and in
doing so they actually managed to flesh out those classic titles (and
one not-so-classic title) even further. And, of course, the albums
themselves are still great. We dropped 10.0s on the expanded versions
of both The Bends and OK Computer, and we're probably not done handing
out rave reviews yet.

On August 25, Capitol will complete their expanded reissue project with
the next three Radiohead albums: 2000's Kid A, 2001's Amnesiac, and
2003's Hail to the Thief. Once again, these reissues come stuffed to
the gills with B-sides, live songs, studio sessions, and everything
else that didn't make it onto the actual albums. And the
even-more-deluxe Special Collectors Editions will also come with DVDs,
which will include music videos and TV performances.

Every Radiohead album after Pablo Honey is arguably a masterpiece; even
Hail to the Thief has its staunch defenders. So we are eagerly awaiting
these reissues, whether the band is happy about them or not,
unfortunately.

