REAL LEGENDS NEVER DIE!

CRUDE.1o

<___Z>

C.R.U.D.E
P.R.O.U.D.L.Y P.R.E.S.E.N.T.S

R-Tools R-Wipe and Clean v9.1.1623

PROTECTION: Serial
RELEASE TYPE: Crack
RELEASE DATE: 28/07/2010
RELEASE SIZE: 02x5.00MB

* RELEASE NOTES *

R-Wipe & Clean is the right solution
to maintain your PC privacy

You can: verify and select
information before wiping; erase
useless files and clean unused disk
space using either fast or secure
erase algorithms; free up disk space
and irretrievably delete private
records of your on - and off-line
activities, such as temporary
internet files, history, cookies
autocomplete forms and passwords
recently opened documents list
Explorer MRUs, temporary files, etc

Irretrievably deletes private records
of your on- and off-line activities
such as temporary internet files
history, cookies, autocomplete forms
and passwords, swap files, recently
opened documents list, Explorer MRUs
temporary files, etc., traces from
more than 200 third-party
applications, and free up your disk
space

R-Wipe & Clean wipes files and unused
disk space using either fast or
secure erase algorithms. All files
and folders may be combined in wipe
lists to erase them in a single
procedure. Supports both the FAT and
NTFS file systems. All separate
wiping and cleaning tasks can be
combined in one or more erasing
procedures launched immediately or at
predefined times or events as a
background task

R-Wipe & Clean supports all recent
versions of Internet Explorer
Mozilla /Mozilla Firefox, Opera
NETSCAPE, AOL, MSN, and BT Yahoo
browsers as well as the Google and
MSN toolbars and removes traces from
200 third-party applications
including Microsoft Office 2007

All files and folders may be combined
in wipe lists to erase them in a
single procedure

Internet Explorer, AOL, MSN, Opera
NETSCAPE and Mozilla web browsers are
supported as well as both the FAT and
NTFS file systems

All separate wiping and cleaning
tasks can be combined in one complete
erasing procedure launched
immediately or at a predefined time
as a background task

URL: http://www.r-tt.com

* iNSTALL NOTES *

1.) Unpack and install
2.) Copy cracked file(s) over
original(s)
3.) When asked for registration
details use any name/email/serial
4.) Enjoy!