Mata Hari is a classic Point & Click Adventure based on the
astonishing life of famous Mata Hari, beautiful exotic dancer
on one side and perilous spy on the other. Settled in 20th 
century Europe the story evolves through the cleverness and
manipulative skills of the player. There are not only
difficult missions of stealing secret information to be 
solved, but also military men to be distracted by female
charms... Become immersed in Europe's early 20th century while
riding for a fall, gaining the needed secret information.  
  
Experience alternative endings depending on your wits and  
discover what it means to get between the fronts. A  
fascinating story of power battles, espionage, love and 
betrayal unfolds before your eyes. Will the player succeed in
preventing Mata's imminent execution? With beautiful,
historical 3D animated settings and top-notch game design by 
designer legends Hal Barwood and Noah Falstein, Mata Hari  
offers hours of challenging and entertaining game play. 
  
Enjoy a Point & Click adventure game in Europe of the Belle
Epoque around 1910  
  
Take on the role of the legendary spy Mata Hari
  
Apply your female charms and your manipulative skills to find
out about explosive military secrets  
  
Explore dozens of beautiful, atmospherically rendered 3D
locations  
  
Experience different endings, depending on how skilful you 
play 
  
Risk your neck in dangerous spy missions 
  
Apply your unbeatable talent for exotic dancing
  
Muck around with your pursuers by using your advanced spy  
skills in thrilling mini games  



Install Notes


(1. Unpack release)
2. Mount image or burn it 
3. Install game  
4. Play the game 
