We couldnt find any professional 
offerings of this great song from
the musicals done most supremely
by the Mormon Choir. So we made 
one in-house using a karaoke mp3
we downloaded in 192k format 
from the Apple store for just a 
dollar.

We got some other great tunes 
that are going into other such 
creations from us soon, 
including "luna mezzo mare", and 
"be still my soul" "consider the 
lillies", etc all in karaoke 
format too!

We dont yet see any serious 
taker on our 7.17GB DivX karaoke 
torrent. We have only had some 
nibblers who dont seem to want 
to linger, since theres lots of 
action on the 5.58GB version 
instead. Oh well, if we do find 
interest, we'd like t pump in 
240k all the way to completion! 
Some swarms just dont take a 
seed untill theres enough peers 
to represent a functional quorum
with peers able to absorb the 
bandwidth we want to shoot in 
for early completion and 
generation of seeds.

Dank! Merry Christmas

Michael Rizzo Chessman
