*******************************************************************************
                  Depeche Mode - Speak & Spell (Bonus Tracks)
*******************************************************************************

This upload is the second of a three-part Speak & Spell release.

01.- Depeche Mode - Speak & Spell (Remastered) [EAC-FLAC] [RePoPo]
02.- Depeche Mode - Speak & Spell (Bonus Tracks)  [DVDRip] [EAC-FLAC] [RePoPo]
03.- Depeche Mode - Speak & Spell (DTS 96/24 5.1) [DVDRip] [RePoPo]

I've decided to divide this in three parts in order to add as much material as
possible on the second, so I could put some original and remastered versions
of the same tracks.

On Speak & Spell the second part will be really small, but on most recent DM 
albums it will get a really big size, so that's when the 3-part division will
make more sense.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

There are three sections in this release

1) Bonus Tracks 2.0 Remastered
   The bonus tracks included in the remastered 2 disc release of the album.  
Ripped from the DVD.

2) Singles
   The original singles, taken from DMBOX1.  [EAC-FLAC]

3) Etc
   Webrips, taken from depechemode.com


-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

BONUS TRACKS, 2.0 REMASTERED VERSIONS


  12. "Dreaming of Me" â€“ 4:03
  13. "Ice Machine" â€“ 4:05
  14. "Shout" â€“ 3:46
  15. "Any Second Now" â€“ 3:08
  16. "Just Can't Get Enough (Schizo Mix)" â€“ 6:41

Ripped from the DVD using DVDDecrypter, demuxing the 2.0 PCM Stereo tracks, 
splitting by chapters  and converted to .flac (level 8) using DBPoweramp.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

SINGLES

CD: Depeche Mode - Dreaming of Me
      YEAR: 1981

01. Dreaming of Me    [0:03:46.68]
02. Ice Machine    [0:03:54.30]

The versions of "Dreaming of Me" and "Ice Machine" included on the remastered CD 
have cold ends (as opposed to the fading-out versions on the original 7" single)



CD: Depeche Mode - New Life
       YEAR: 1981

01. New Life (Remix)    [0:03:59.68]
02. Shout    [0:03:46.32]
03. Shout (Rio Mix)    [0:07:33.10]



CD: Depeche Mode - Just Can't Get Enough
       YEAR: 1981

01. Just Can't Get Enough    [0:03:45.20]
02. Any Second Now    [0:03:09.58]
03. Just Can't Get Enough (Schizo Mix)    [0:06:48.02]
04. Any Second Now (Altered)    [0:05:42.40]


-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                          SOME WIKIPEDIA INFORMATION
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

DREAMING OF ME

"Dreaming of Me" is the debut single by Depeche Mode, originally released on 
February 20, 1981 in the UK. The single was not commercially released in the 
United States.

Two mixes of the song have been released, one which fades out, and one which 
does not. The alternate version is on the CD re-release of Speak and Spell in 
Europe, while the American Speak and Spell (and all singles compilations 
containing the song) has the regular version. The re-release of Speak and Spell 
in 2006 also features the no-fade out version, and was released in all regions.

The B-Side, "Ice Machine," is similarly available in a fading version, and an 
alternate non-fading version. The song is also a bonus track on the CD rerelease 
of Speak and Spell in the UK. The 1986 and 2006 re-releases of Speak and Spell 
use the no-fade out version. A live version of "Ice Machine" (recorded during 
the Some Great Reward tour) is available on the 12" version of the 1984 single, 
"Blasphemous Rumours."

Due to a poor chart placement (#57 on the UK singles chart), "Dreaming of Me" 
did not originally appear on Speak and Spell, but did show up in the CD re-
release in the UK as a bonus track. In the United States, "Dreaming of Me" was 
on the original pressing of the album, replacing "I Sometimes Wish I Was Dead." 
On the 2006 re-release of Speak and Spell it was placed at the end of the album, 
with the original U.K. tracklist preceding it.

7": Mute / 7Mute13 (UK) & CD: Mute / CDMute13

   1. "Dreaming of Me" â€“ 3:46
   2. "Ice Machine" â€“ 3:54



NEW LIFE

"New Life" is the second UK single by Depeche Mode, originally released on June 
13, 1981. It was not commercially released in the United States.

There were two versions of the song available. The 7" version would later become 
the "album version," as it would eventually appear on the UK version of Speak 
and Spell, released in October of 1981, and a 12" "remix," which differs from 
the "album version" in that it has a different intro, and an added synth part in 
the "solo" vocal section in the middle of the song, which is not present on the 
7" mix. The "remix" would later appear on the US version of Speak and Spell.

The single became Depeche Mode's breakthrough hit in the UK, peaking at #11. On 
June 25, 1981, the band performed "New Life" during their debut appearance on 
the BBC's "Top of the Pops." The band would perform the song twice more on the 
show, on July 16 and July 30 of 1981.

The B-Side, "Shout!", is the first Depeche Mode song to get a 12" extended 
remix, called the "Rio Mix." This mix would later appear on the remix 
compilation Remixes 81 - 04 released in 2004. It is the earliest recorded song 
available on the compilation.

These are the formats and track listings of major single releases of "New Life":

7": Mute / 7Mute14 (UK)

   1. "New Life" â€“ 3:43
   2. "Shout!" â€“ 3:44

12": Mute / 12Mute14 (UK)

   1. "New Life (Remix)" â€“ 3:58
   2. "Shout! (Rio Mix)" â€“ 7:31

CD: Mute / CDMute14 (UK)1

   1. "New Life (Remix)" â€“ 3:58
   2. "Shout!" â€“ 3:44
   3. "Shout! (Rio Mix)" â€“ 7:31



JUST CAN'T GET ENOUGH

"Just Can't Get Enough" is the third UK single by Depeche Mode originally 
released in September 1981. It was also the band's first single to be released 
in the United States, on February 18, 1982. The song, a riff-driven Synthpop 
piece, was the final single to be written by Vince Clarke who left the band in 
December of 1981. He was inspired by Spandau Ballet's debut hit "To Cut a Long 
Story Short." The song would be included on the band's first album, Speak and 
Spell, which was released a month after the single.

The single version of "Just Can't Get Enough" is the same version that appears 
on the UK version of Speak and Spell. The "Schizo Mix" is an extended version 
with a different intro and an ambient tune popping up after the choruses. It 
appears on the US version of Speak and Spell, the UK rerelease of Speak and 
Spell, the rerelease of The Singles (81-85) and Remixes 81 - 04.

In addition, the single's B-side "Any Second Now" was the first commercially 
available Depeche Mode instrumental. It shows up on the UK rerelease of Speak 
and Spell. A version including vocals (the first Depeche Mode vocals to be 
handled by Martin Gore) would appear on the album as "Any Second Now (Voices)". 
There is also an extended version, the "Altered" Mix. In the United States, the 
B-side is "Tora! Tora! Tora!". On the Speak and Spell album, the song is 
crossfaded with the previous track, "Photographic", but on the single, the 
introduction is clean.

The single reached #8 on the UK Singles Chart and #26 on the US Hot Dance 
Music/Club Play chart, making it their highest-charting single at the time on 
both counts. It also became the band's first (and biggest) hit in Australia, 
reaching #4.

"Just Can't Get Enough" is also the first Depeche Mode song to get a music 
video. It is the only DM video with Vince Clarke. The director was Clive 
Richardson.

It was used in Son of Rambow.

In 1997 the Happy hardcore DJ Duo Charly Lownoise and Mental Theo released the 
song as single.

On September 12, 1999, premiered a Gap advertising spot directed by Pedro 
Romhanyi, titled "Everybody in Leather", in which "Just Can't Get Enough" was 
sung by a group of young adults, among which were then-unknowns Alex Greenwald, 
Monet Mazur and Jason Thompson but only one familiar face in the group, Aaron 
Lohr, the music mix being done by the Dust Brothers.[2]. On October 7, 1999, The 
Tonight Show with Jay Leno did a parody of the ad, which featured old men 
singing the song for a fictional Viagra ad.[3]

In 2004, the French band Nouvelle Vague adapted the song in a jazzy / bossa-nova 
style on the album, Nouvelle Vague (as well as on the 2005 compilation album, 
Acoustic 05). Japanese musician Anna Tsuchiya covered this song on her 2007 
single Kuroi Namida except it is re-arranged as a downbeat rock piece.

It was used in a promotion for the now-defunct ITV Day morning-afternoon service 
between 2003-5. The cover by Nouvelle Vague has been widely used as background 
music on British television, including being used as the theme for BBC One's 
Christmas promotions in 2004.

Spanish artist Marta SÃ¡nchez sampled this song on her 2007 single "Superstar".

This song is used in trailers for the film Music and Lyrics.

The song featured in the Mary-Kate and Ashley film, Winning London.

In an episode of Wayside, the background music put while Todd completes Mr. 
Kidswatter's list sounds identical to the song.

Parts of the song were used in commercials for TV Land's reality show High 
School Reunion.

The song was used in the 1982 movie Summer Lovers.

This song was covered by girlband The Saturdays for British charity telethon 
Comic Relief.

These are the formats and track listings of major single releases of "Just Can't 
Get Enough":

7": Mute/7Mute16 (UK)

   1. "Just Can't Get Enough" â€“ 3:41
   2. "Any Second Now" â€“ 3:06

12": Mute/12Mute16 (UK)

   1. "Just Can't Get Enough (Schizo Mix)" â€“ 6:43
   2. "Any Second Now (Altered)" â€“ 5:41

CD: Mute/CDMute16 (UK)1

   1. "Just Can't Get Enough" â€“ 3:45
   2. "Any Second Now" â€“ 3:09
   3. "Just Can't Get Enough (Schizo Mix)" â€“ 6:48
   4. "Any Second Now (Altered)" â€“ 5:42

7": Sire/SRE50029 (US)

   1. "Just Can't Get Enough" â€“ 3:41
   2. "Tora! Tora! Tora!" â€“ 4:23


-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

ETC

Included the music video for Just Can't Get Enough, ripped from depechemode.com, 
in .mov format.  Not great quality, but take it as just a very little extra.



-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                      IMPORTANT: PLEASE READ (A REQUEST)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

It's usual to post comments only to complain about a torrent which doesn't work 
in your configuration.  It's normal, after a few hours/days downloading and 
expecting a release, to feel deceived if it doesn't work properly, and 
expressing this is legitimate.

I've often found one comment (negative) on a movie/CD downloaded by 2000+ 
people, and since that single negative feedback, people simply stop downloading 
and therefore, sharing.  But a few times it was due not to the torrent itself, 
but to some issues on the downloader side (not updated codecs, misused 
tools...), and that's unfair for the person who took the time to share it for
free.

IF YOU FIND THIS RELEASE DESERVES TO BE RECOMMENDED TO OTHERS, HELP BY DROPPING 
A LINE AFTER YOU'VE CHECKED IT.  This way, You'll help in keeping the torrent 
alive, almost as much as keeping it in your HDD until a 1:1 ratio is
reached.

Thanks

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------