The Beatles Recording Sessions by Mark Lewisohn

The Official Abbey Road Studio Session Notes 1962-1970


At last: the complete, official,inside-the-studio details of 
every Beatles recording session

Suspending microphones inside water jars,recording guitar 
solos backward, and cutting up tape and splicing it back 
together in random order, the Beatles experimented 
tirelessly. From the raw energy of their made-in-a-day debut 
LP Please Please Me through the technical genius of the 
seminal Sgt Pepper to the last album they recorded, the 
finely crafted Abbey Road, the Beatles sustained an 
unsurpassed level of creativity in the recording studio. 
They used the Abbey Road recording studio in ways no studio 
had been used before, and in the process they completely 
revolutionized popular music.

The photos, stories, and recording details in The Beatles: 
Recording Sessions open up this magic laboratory where the 
Beatles created the sounds that changed the world. For every 
day the Beatles ever laid down a track in the recording 
studio, this book details what songs they were recording, 
who was present, how many takes were done, what special 
effects or techniques were employed, and any thing unusual 
that happened that day. Here are the Beatles as you've never 
seen them before: John Lennon asking to be suspended from 
the ceiling with a rope around his waist and spun over a 
microphone to achieve a unique vocal effect; George Harrison 
running around the studio holding a flaming ash trayover his 
head while Paul McCartney records the vocals of "Helter 
Skelter"; and rock- steady Ringo, after one of his rare 
foul-ups, grousing "We all make mistakes."

EMI Records, the Beatles' British record label, has made 
available to author Mark Lewisohn its unpublished 
documentation for every recording session the Beatles ever 
did, and has allowed him to listen to the hundreds of hours 
of alternative takes and unreleased tracks in their archive. 
From these sources, in combination with interviews with Paul 
McCartney and the producers, engineers, session musicians, 
and others who were in the studio with the band, Lewisohn 
has created a thorough, fascinating, and definitive record 
of the Beatles at work.
