========================================================================
            ___  ____ ___ ___ _    ____ ____ ___ ____ ____ 
            |__] |__|  |   |  |    |___ [__   |  |__| |__/ 
            |__] |  |  |   |  |___ |___ ___]  |  |  | |   
                                                           
               ____ ____ _    ____ ____ ___ _ ____ ____ 
               | __ |__| |    |__| |     |  | |    |__| 
               |__] |  | |___ |  | |___  |  | |___ |  | 
			   
                     THE ENTIRE FRAKING COLLECTION
				   
========================================================================

Battlestar Galactica is a science fiction franchise created by Glen A. 
Larson. The franchise began with a 1978 TV show, followed by a sequel TV 
series, a line of book adaptations, original novels, comic books and 
video games. A re imagined miniseries developed by Ronald D. Moore and 
David Eick aired in 2003, continuing with a regular television series 
aired from 2004 to 2009 and a prequel series, Caprica, which began 
airing in January 2010. 

All of the Battlestar Galactica productions share the same premise: in a 
distant part of the universe, a civilization of humans lives on a group 
of planets known as the Twelve Colonies, having migrated there from 
their ancestral home-world of Kobol. In the past, the Colonies had been 
at war with a cybernetic race known as the Cylons. With the help of a 
human traitor named Baltar, the Cylons launch a sudden ambush on the 
Colonies, laying waste to the planets and devastating their populations. 
The few human survivors flee into space aboard any spacecraft they can 
reach. Of the entire Colonial Fleet, only the Battlestar Galactica 
appears to have survived the attack. Under the leadership of 
famed military leader Commander Adama, the Galactica and its crew take 
up the task of leading the small fugitive fleet of survivors into space 
in search of the fabled thirteenth colony known as Earth. 

------------------------------------------------------------------------
1. VIEWING ORDER
------------------------------------------------------------------------

All the video's in this collection have been sequentially numbered to 
allow you to watch the entire series, including all the webisodes and 
movies in the order the were premiered. Some of the webisodes, and in 
particular the movie "Razor" take place in the 'past' on the storyline, 
but are meant to be watched later for the continuity of the plot. The 
order goes as follows: 

	1]		Battlestar Galactica
	2]		Season 1
	3]		Season 2
	4]		Resistance
	5]		Season 3
	6]		*Razor Flashbacks
	7]		Razor
	8]		Revealed (Special)		
	9]		The Phenomenon (Special)
	10]		Season 4 (Episodes 1-10)
	11]		Face of the Enemy
	12]		**Top 10 Things You Need to Know
	13]		Season 4.5 (Episodes 11-18)
	14]		***The Last Fraking Special
	15]		Series Finale (Season 4, Episode 19 & 20)
	16]		The Plan
	17]		Caprica (Pilot)
	18]		Caprica Season 1

	*		Optional; mostly repeated in the Razor feature.
	**		Optional; Due to the writers strike, there was a long 
			gap in the middle of season 4, this special summarized 
			everything that had come before to get viewers back up to 
			speed with the series.
	***		Optional; This is a summarization of Re-imagined Series 
			before watching the final episodes of season 4.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
2. CONTENTS
------------------------------------------------------------------------

The re-imagined Battlestar Galactica contains A LOT of content, spanning 
a miniseries, three movies, two tv series (5 total seasons), three short 
features and four specials as well as full soundtracks for each season; 
this torrent is huge. I've done my best to make sure the files are named 
appropriately and well organized. A lot of the content is compiled from 
separate torrents, some of it was directly ripped by me, but all of it 
is the highest quality available (most of it is 720p). 


BATTLESTAR GALACTICA ORIGINAL SOUNDTRACK [320kbps]
The music of the reimagined Battlestar Galactica is a body of work 
largely credited to the composers Bear McCreary and Richard Gibbs. The 
music of Battlestar Galactica displays a wide variety of ethnic 
influences and intentionally tries not to conform to the "usual" style 
of a science fiction score. 


BATTLESTAR GALACTICA [HD 720p]
Battlestar Galactica is a three-hour miniseries written and produced by 
Ronald D. Moore and directed by Michael Rymer. It was the first part of 
the Battlestar Galactica reimagining based on the 1978 Battlestar 
Galactica television series, and served as a backdoor pilot for the 2004 
television series. The miniseries aired originally on the Sci Fi Channel 
in the United States starting on December 8, 2003. The two parts of the 
miniseries attracted 3.9 and 4.5 million viewers, making the miniseries 
the third-most-watched program on SyFy ever. 


TV SERIES (SEASON 1-4) [HD 720p]
The story arc of Battlestar Galactica is set in a distant part of the 
galaxy, where a civilization of humans live on a series of planets known 
as the Twelve Colonies. In the past, the Colonies had been at war with a 
cybernetic race known as the Cylons. With the unwitting help of a human 
named Gaius Baltar, the Cylons launch a sudden sneak attack on the 
Colonies, laying waste to the planets and devastating their populations. 
The approximately 50,000 human survivors flee into space aboard any 
spacecraft they can reach. Of all the Colonial Fleet, the eponymous 
Battlestar Galactica appears to be the only military capital ship that 
survived the attack. Under the leadership of Colonial Fleet officer 
Commander William "Bill" Adama (Olmos) and President Laura Roslin 
(McDonnell), the Galactica and its crew take up the task of leading the 
small fugitive fleet of survivors into space in search of a fabled 
refuge known as Earth. 


RESISTANCE [HQ WEB RIP]
The first set of webisodes were a series of shorts produced to promote 
the third season of the show. They filled in some of the events between 
the second and third seasons and featured some of the main cast. These 
webisodes were made so as not to reveal what would happen in the 
beginning of season three. Season 3 was also set up so that missing the 
webisodes would not leave a viewer confused about the story. 


RAZOR FLASHBACKS [DVD 480p]
The Razor Flashbacks were a series of seven webisodes set during William 
Adama's fighter pilot days during the later stages of the First Cylon 
War. They were released on the Internet as "webisodes" leading up to 
Razor's release. They are now available on the DVD and Blu-Ray releases 
of Battlestar Galactica: Razor, and some are inserted into the both the 
broadcast and extended cuts of the movie on the DVD. The installments 
that did not make the final cut include 1, 2, and the latter half of 7. 


RAZOR [DVD 480p]
Battlestar Galactica: Razor is a television movie produced and broadcast 
in the gap between Seasons 3 and 4. Razor is also technically the first 
two episodes of Season 4 though it chronicles events on Battlestar 
Pegasus in two time periods, both of which are "in the past" with 
respect to the Season 4 continuity. The "present day" framing scenes are 
set during Lee Adama's command, in the latter half of Season 2, while 
"flashback" scenes depict Helena Cain's command in the period between 
the Cylon attack and the reunion with Galactica in the second season 
episode Pegasus. Also during the extended episode the Razor Flashbacks, 
which were previously released as webisodes, were integrated into the 
movie but only some were inserted into the shortened television cut. It 
aired in the United States and Canada on November 24 and in Britain and 
Ireland on December 18, 2007. An expanded version of the movie was 
released on DVD on December 4, 2007. 


REVEALED [HD 720p]
The special summarizes the previous 3 seasons stories and character 
relationships for uninitiated viewers, hosted by producers David Eick 
and Ron Moore. 


THE PHENOMENON [HD 720p]
The special includes interviews with celebrities about Battlestar 
Galactica's impact on pop culture 


FACE OF THE ENEMY [HQ WEB RIP]
In late May 2008, a set of 10 webisodes were announced to be in the 
works which were released during the 7 month hiatus between episodes 10 
and 11 of season 4. The web series premiered on December 12, 2008 on 
SciFi.com. The webisodes are also available to view on Hulu.com, the 
iTunes Store and on DirecTV's OnDemand service. 


TOP 10 THINGS YOU NEED TO KNOW [DVD 480p]
Sci Fi Channel aired a special program, Battlestar Galactica: The Top 10 
Things You Need to Know, as a lead-in to the start of the final episodes 
of the Re-imagined Series. It was first broadcast on Sunday, January 11, 
2009. Ron D. Moore and David Eick appear in this special program as they 
summarized ten items to know about the Re-imagined Series before 
watching the final episodes of season 4. The team elaborated on each of 
the ten points with the aid of clips from the series. 


THE LAST FRAKING SPECIAL [DVD 480p]
The last special for the series before the finale. 


THE PLAN [HD 720p]
On August 7, 2008 Sci Fi Channel officially announced the production of 
a two-hour TV movie which was originally supposed to air after the final 
episode of Season 4. The movie began production on September 8, 2008. 
The movie premiered exclusively on DVD, Blu-ray and digital download on 
October 27, 2009 and aired on January 10, 2010, on Sci Fi. Written by 
Jane Espenson and directed by Edward James Olmos, The Plan storyline 
begins before the attack on the 12 colonies and shows events mainly from 
the perspective of two Cylons, Cavil and Anders. Tricia Helfer states 
that the disappearance of Shelly Godfrey in "Six Degrees of Separation" 
will be explained. Scenes including Aaron Doral preparing for the 
suicide bombing seen in "Litmus", Anders awakening in a Cylon 
resurrection chamber, and Cavil berating Boomer for failing to kill 
William Adama in "Kobol's Last Gleaming" appeared on IGN.com prior to 
the release of the film. In addition to Shelly Godfrey, there is a 
dark-haired Six called "Tough Six" in the script. A sneak peek was made 
available by SciFi on June 12, 2009, showing Cavil and Ellen Tigh during 
the events of "33". Cast members include Edward James Olmos, Michael 
Trucco, Aaron Douglas and Dean Stockwell. All the actors playing Cylons 
were present in the movie, except Lucy Lawless. Tricia Helfer, Grace 
Park, Rick Worthy, Matthew Bennett, Callum Keith Rennie, Michael Hogan 
and Rekha Sharma are all featured. 


CAPRICA [HD 720p]
Caprica is a television series that premiered on Syfy (formerly Sci-Fi) 
on January 22, 2010, and is described as "television's first science 
fiction family saga". It was originally a two-hour back door pilot for a 
possible weekly television series, but on December 2, 2008, SyFy gave 
the go-ahead to expand the project into a full, 20-episode series. 
Caprica is set on the fictional planet Caprica around fifty years before 
the events depicted in the 2004 reimagined series. The show will revolve 
around two families, the Adamas and the Graystones, the building of the 
Cylons, and the beginnings of the first Cylon War. 





SO SAY WE ALL!