Eboy

S  K  i  D  R  O  W

-  T H E  L E A D i N G  F O R C E  -

proudly presents
Hazen: The Dark Whispers / Strategy First

RELEASE DATE : 29-04-2010            PROTECTION : Nothing
GAME TYPE    : RPG                  DISKS      : 1 DVD

Release Notes:

The Skid Rowdies are looking new blood to fill up the ranks.
We're a professional team of dedicated sceners with big mark
under sceners. We believe on the ground idealism of the root
of the real old school scene. We do all this for fun and
nothing else. We don't earn anything on our hobby, as we do
this for the competition and the heart of what got the scene
started in the mid eighties.

If you think you got something to offer, then don't hold back
on contacting us as soon as possible.


twice the fun  / double the trouble

On with the game release information:

Hazen is an episodic Action/RPG The first episode is named
"The Dark Whispers" and will bring some freshness in the world
of Hack'n Slash Games. Every single episode will be a "Stand
alone" game with enough game-play and high re-play value.

Hazen is split on four different Episodes. Every one of them
will be a standalone game, so you don't need to have Episode 1
for instance to play the second one. However collecting all
the parts will lead you to new challenges and secret places
with quality rewards and interesting quest to solve. You will
also have the opportunity to unlock some special events and go
through the entire world.

Discover the beauty of episodically Hack'Slash game, a world
that grows more and more (adding more content and features on
each chapter (episode).

Expand the game downloading patches (adding content for each
episode).

Be part of one detailed Action game, with deep character
development possibilities.

Advanced combat system will make the battles "a true delight"
and totally unpredictable.

Thousand of different items will be at your disposal (common,
magic, unique, set, ancients and specially designed crafted
items).

A lso a lot of special moves (combos) will give you the
opportunity to discover ancient scrolls and use them vs. your
enemies.

Freedom to develop your character (you can pick whatever you
consider most suitable for your playing style). Pure brutal
Warrior, mighty Wizard or swift Archer, hmm... or maybe
something more balanced - it depends on you.

Install Notes:

1. Unpack release
2. Mount image or burn it
3. Install
4. Play the game

Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy

Greetings:

Salutes to our old Amiga friends from:

FAIRLIGHT - RAZOR 1911 - VISION FACTORY - PARADOX - QUARTEX
DCS - CRYSTAL - ZENITH - ACCESSION - ALPHA FLIGHT - PRODIGY
THE COMPANY - LEGEND - TRSI - ORACLE - ANTHROX - CLASSIC

Salutes to our new friends in:

UNLEASHED - TiNYiSO - BReWErS - RADIKAL - POSTMORTEM - SHOCK
FAIRLIGHT - CRUDE - VACE - ReUnion - OUTLAWS - GENESIS

Logo and layout by: Eboy/SAE
Last updated 21/07/2007 by XXX