Artist:   Scuba
Title:    Triangulation
Label:    Hotflush
Genre:    Electronic
Style:    Techno, Dubstep

01. Descent                                                       2:13
02. Latch                                                         4:47
03. Three Sided Shape                                             5:21
04. Minerals                                                      4:35
05. On Deck                                                       5:17
06. Before                                                        4:14
07. Tracers                                                       4:26
08. You Got Me                                                    5:15
09. So You Think You're Special                                   4:52
10. Heavy Machinery                                               4:10
11. Glance                                                        3:55
12. Lights Out                                                    8:50


Release Notes:

Scuba, aka Paul Rose, has been at the forefront of the dubstep scene
since its birth. Havingfounded the innovative and influential Hotflush
Recordings label in 2003, he has continually brought colour and depth
to an advancing genre, expanding its sonic structure and increasing its
influence on the wider electronic scene. Through Scuba and seminal work
by central figures including Distance, Vexd and more recently Mount
Kimbie and Joy Orbison, Hotflush remains crucial to the immediate
moment and the developing future of the most exciting aspects of
electronic music. Following the first Scuba LP, A Mutual Antipathy
(2008), and the more recent Aesaunic EP (2009), this album takes the
Scuba sound to a new level. The collision of dubstep and techno has
produced startling music from a wide range of producers in the last few
years, none more than Scuba, and that has been well documented. But
Triangulation moves past the dubstep/techno axis and into new
territory. Working at multiple tempos, the album covers an area ranging
from house to experimental drum n bass while retaining the Scuba sound
that has become so distinctive. You Got Me and So You Think Youre
Special, released as an advance 12?, reflect the range of the album
with the huge bass and frenetic energy of the former contrasting with
the melancholic atmospheres and melodies of the latter. The listless
beauty of Before, the aggressively percussive Minerals and the
hyperactive electro of On Deck provide further stylistic variation, but
this is not simply a collection of tracks - for the best sonic results
this album should be listened to in full.

Seed. 
http://thepiratebay.org/tag/freesun