Cracked by...: BRD Cult              Size.....: 1
Suplied......: BRD Cult              Date.....: 02/20/2010
Packaged.....: BRD Cult              Type.....: Crack
Protection...: Custom                Os.......: WinALL

DESCRiPTiON

Hard Drive Inspector is a powerful, effective and easy-to-use
program that monitors hard drive health. The value of
information stored on an average computer hard drive often
exceeds the value of the computer itself. But a hard drive is
one of the most unreliable internal computer devices. When it
crashes (which happens quite frequently), the stored
information will be lost fully or partially. Subsequent
information recovery is either not possible at all, or
constitutes a very sophisticated and expensive procedure that
can be performed only by specialists.

Modern hard drives support S.M.A.R.T. (Self-Monitoring,
Analysis, and Reporting Technology) that was specially
developed to detect upcoming disk failures. Using this
technology Hard Drive Inspector can monitor the current state
of various life-critical parameters describing a disk's
reliability and performance. Hard Drive Inspector analyzes
this data and warns the user if the parameters indicate a
critical reduction of disk reliability. Timely alerts make it
possible to copy the data and replace an unreliable disk,
thus preventing information loss.

URL: http://www.altrixsoft.com

iNSTALL NOTES

Install the program and use our patch.
Enjoy

you will never defeat the riddle of the black riders
Crack/Patch.exe:FC3E6E17
Setup/hddinsp.exe:FEF0A829