Title: Killer Bs
Source: VHS
Year: 1999
Size: 512x384
Vbitrate: 980 kbps
Abitrate: 123 kbps
Length: 1hr 28min
FPS: 29.970

Desc: Taiwanese opera star Hsia Kwan Lee is a one 
woman war party on the trail of a gang that 
repeatedly raped her and murdered her husband before
her eyes. But before she can take on the deadly 
rapists she must perfect her martial arts skills. She
is aided by a lame but beautiful kung fu mistress who
teaches Hsia the "Deadly Kicks". Our heroine chases
down the ugly mob, which includes the likes of 
Butterfly Knives (Mao Di), Spearman of Death Chi San
(Wong Chi Seng), womanizer Lung (Chang Kwan Lung), and
the nutter of the bunch, Golden Hair (Pang Gang).

Notes: The 1st of the 9 bootleg kungfu dubs. I found
these in an old box of VHS tapes cleaning up my 
basement. If you're into poorly dubbed wacko kungfu
movies, where a punch makes a high snapping noise,
and lip movements don't match the dialog, these are
for you. This video has a special place in my heart,
it was the first kungfu movie I saw. I just LOVE how
well the voices match the characters... Chinese 
people and British people both like tea, I guess 
that's why they got these voice actors. If you know
the original movie, please enlighten the rest of us.