RELEASE DATE: 29-11-2010 PROTECTION: Serial + DVD Checks
GAME TYPE: Farming Simulator DISKS: 1 DVD

Release Notes:

The Skid Rowdies are looking new blood to fill up the ranks
We're a professional team of dedicated sceners with big mark
under sceners. We believe on the ground idealism of the root
of the real old school scene. We do all this for fun and
nothing else. We don't earn anything on our hobby, as we do
this for the competition and the heart of what got the scene
started in the mid eighties

If you think you got something to offer, then don't hold back
on contacting us as soon as possible


On with the game release information:

The sequel to the best-selling worldwide hit "Farming
Simulator" has loads of new features!

Assume the role of a farmer experiencing the challenge of 18
hour days running a new farm in the middle of beautiful
rolling countryside

You start the game by choosing from a small collection of
vehicles and machinery to explore your fairly sparse farmland
which measures just 4 km. As you progress through the game you
complete a variety of tasks like breeding and feeding the cows
or spreading manure, milking, plowing, seeding and baling to
build up wealth to invest in newer and better equipment and
machinery

Multi-player mode allows you to manage your farm together with
friends over the Internet or local area network

With career mode you take on the role of a young farmer and
experience the workaday life of the countryside in a
completely adaptable world

Choose from loads of authentic licensed farming equipment
including tractors, combine harvesters, plows, seeders and
balers

Thanks to the licensing of machinery from leading
manufacturers including DEUTZ-FAHR, KRONE, HORSCH, P TTINGER
and VOGEL & NOOT you are able to take control of authentic
farming equipment

Career mode with business section and cattle breeding

Multi-player mode for playing together with friends over
Internet/LAN

Large new vehicle fleet with authentic agricultural machines
by DEUTZ-FAHR, KRONE, HORSCH, P TTINGER and VOGEL & NOOT

Lots of sophisticated equipment

Computer controlled helpers

Gamepad and steering wheel support

Install Notes:

1. Unpack release
2. Mount image or burn it
3. Install
4. Use any of these serials: 

SSSSS-SSSSS-SSSSS-SSSSS-SSSSS
KKKKK-KKKKK-KKKKK-KKKKK-KKKKK
77777-77777-77777-77777-77777
DDDDD-DDDDD-DDDDD-DDDDD-DDDDD
RRRRR-RRRRR-RRRRR-RRRRR-RRRRR
88888-88888-88888-88888-88888
WWWWW-WWWWW-WWWWW-WWWWW-WWWWW

5. Copy the cracked content from the SKIDROW folder on the DVD
to the main installation folder and overwrite
6. Play the game

Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy!

Greetings:

Salutes to our old Amiga friends from:

FAIRLIGHT - RAZOR 1911 - VISION FACTORY - PARADOX - QUARTEX
DCS - CRYSTAL - ZENITH - ACCESSION - ALPHA FLIGHT - PRODIGY
THE COMPANY - LEGEND - TRSI - ORACLE - ANTHROX - CLASSIC

Salutes to our new friends in:

UNLEASHED - TiNYiSO - BReWErS - RADIKAL - POSTMORTEM - SHOCK
FAIRLIGHT - CRUDE - VACE - ReUnion - OUTLAWS - GENESIS